---
layout: post
title:  ADACAROT - Ada and Carrot
categories: ['number-theory']
code: ADACAROT
src: ADACAROT.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Ada the Ladybug is a great farmer. She has many places where she grows
vegetables. She wants to grow two completely different kinds of vegetable:
carrots and baby carrots. She wants to connect them by paths in such
way, that she can get from any carrot (or baby carrot) to any other carrot (or
baby carrot). She isn't amused by building itself, so she wants to make least
number of paths, which is sufficient to make all carrots (and all baby
carrots) connected. Due to regulations of Earwigean Union ( EU ), a carrot
can't be connected to other carrot (and same is true for baby carrots) [so
basically, she can connect only "baby carrots" to "carrots"]. Ada also wants
to keep track of everything, so she will somehow distinguish between each
carrot and between each baby carrot (and also between each place).

She is wondering in how many ways she can plant carrots (and baby carrots) and
connect them by ways, so that it corresponds to EU regulations.

### Input

The input contains up to 200 lines. Each line consists of single integer 2 ≤
N ≤ 2*10<sup>5</sup> , the number of places to which carrots/baby
carrots shall be placed (note that she won't waste so she will fill all the
places).

### Output

For each line of input, print the number of ways, to plant carrots and baby
carrots in such way, that it coresponds to EU regulations. Since this
number might be pretty big, output it modulo 10<sup>9</sup>+7 (
1000000007 )

### Example Input

    
    
    2
    3
    4
    10
    66666
    

### Example Output

    
    
    2
    12
    144
    452744977
    57191401
    



#### **Solution**



