---
layout: post
title:  PLONK - Where to Drink the Plonk?
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: PLONK
src: PLONK.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Consider a city bounded by a square, whose n horizontal and n vertical streets
divide it into (n+1)<sup>2</sup> square blocks. However, in tribute to the
ancient traditions of the first dwellers (who tended to overindulge in
alcohol), all the inhabitants live at crossroads. A group of friends would
like to meet for an evening of merriment at the place of residence of one of
them. With a good deal of foresight, anticipating the difficulties they might
have getting back to their respective homes, they would like to meet in the
house of the friend which minimises the total walking distance for all of
them. Assume that everybody walks along the streets, turning only at
crossroads, and the distance between any pair of adjacent crossroads is 1.

### Input

The input begins with the integer t, the number of test cases. Then t test
cases follow.

For each test case the first line of input contains the integer n - the number
of friends who want to meet (1<=n<=10000). The next n lines contain two
integers each, the i-th being x<sub>i</sub> y<sub>i</sub>, standing
for the x and y coordinates of the crossroads at which the i-th friend lives
(0<=x<sub>i</sub>,y<sub>i</sub><=100000).

### Output

For each test case output the total distance covered by all friends when
walking to the meeting place.

### Example

    
    
    Sample input:
    1
    7
    1 3
    3 2
    3 5
    6 9
    10 1
    12 4
    5 7
    
    Sample output:
    39
    

Warning: large Input/Output data, be careful with certain languages



#### **Solution**



