---
layout: post
title:  SOCNETC - Social Network Community
categories: ['datastructures']
code: SOCNETC
src: SOCNETC.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Your friend came up with an idea of starting a social network-SOCNET. Since,he
is not as good a programmer as you are he needs your help to build certain
features.

You need to build an ADD friend feature. if 'x' sends a friend request to
'y',he may accept it or deny it.

SOCNET has a special feature called 'community'.When two people 'x' and 'y'
becomes friends,the communities of two are merged together.(If 'x' has no
friends,it's community consist of only himself,size-1)

Since,your friend is low on funds,the data center he uses has a restriction-
the MAXIMUM size of any community cannot exceed 'm'.

You need to work on following three types of queries-

  * A x y - x sends a friend request to y
  * E x y - check whether x and y are present in same community(print 'Yes' or 'No')
  * S x - prints the size of the community 'x' belongs to.

NOTE- A friend requested is accepted only if the merger of the two communities
results in a community not greater than 'm'.

### Input

The first line of input consists of two positive integers - n and m(n is the
number of registered users and m is the maximum size of any community).

Next line consist of a positive integer q(number of queries).

q lines follows(Each line consist of a query as described in the problem
statement).

The queries follows 1-indexing.

### Constraints

1<=n,m<=100000, 1<=q<=200000

### Output

For each query of Type - 'E',output in a single line-'Yes' or 'No'. For each
query of Type - 'S',output the size of the community to which 'x' belongs. For
further clarification,read the example given.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    5 3
    8
    S 2
    A 2 3
    E 2 3
    S 2
    A 4 5
    A 3 5
    E 3 5
    S 3
    
    
    Output:
    1
    Yes
    2
    No
    2
    
    
    Explanation-Initially no one has any friend.So community of '2' consist of only '2' i.e size-1. Then '2' and '3' becomes friends .This forms a community of 2 people. '4' and '5' also becomes friends.This forms another community of 2 people. '5' is unable to accept friend request of '3' (because it would result in a community of 4 people( >3).
    



#### **Solution**



