---
layout: post
title:  EC_P - Critical Edges
categories: ['scc']
code: EC_P
src: EC_P.cpp
---

### **Statement**

This time I will not bore you with a long and boring sentence. Give a
connected graph, you must find all the edges that are critical, in other words
you must find the edges which when removed divide the graph.

### Input

The first line contains a NC (1 ≤ NC ≤ 200), the number of test cases integer.
Then follow NC test cases.

Each case begins with two integers N (1 ≤ N ≤ 700) and M (N-1 ≤ M ≤ N * (N-1)
/ 2), the number of locations and number of roads respectively. Then follow M
lines, each with a pair of integers b (1 ≤ a, b ≤ N) indicate that between the
city and b there is a way.

The first line contains a integer NC (1 ≤ NC ≤ 200), the number of test
cases. Then follow NC test cases.

Each case begins with two integers N (1 ≤ N ≤ 700) and M (N-1 ≤ M ≤ N
* (N-1) / 2), the number of nodes and the number of edges respectively. Then
follow M lines, each with a pair of integers a b (1 ≤ a, b ≤ N) indicate
that between the node a and the node b there is a edge.

### Output

For each test case print the list of ways to protect the following format:

Caso # <n>

<t>

<x1> <y2>

<x2> <y2>

...

<xt> <yt>

Where n is the case number (starting from 1), t is the total of
critical edges, list elements x<sub>i</sub> y<sub>i</sub>
indicates, for each line, there is a critical edge between the node
x<sub>i</sub> and node y<sub>i</sub> (1 ≤ x<sub>i</sub>
<y<sub>i</sub> ≤ N). In addition, the list should be sorted in no-
decreasing order first by x<sub>i</sub> and then by
y<sub>i</sub>. Also x<sub>i</sub> < y<sub>i</sub> must
hold.

If there isn't any critical edge print: "Sin bloqueos" (quotes for clarity).

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    
    
    
    3
    
    5 4
    1 2
    4 2
    2 3
    4 5
    
    5 5
    1 2
    1 3
    3 2
    3 4
    5 4
    
    4 6
    1 3
    1 4
    2 1
    3 2
    4 2
    4 3

Output:

    
    
    Caso #1
    4
    1 2
    2 3
    2 4
    4 5
    Caso #2
    2
    3 4
    4 5
    Caso #3
    Sin bloqueos
    



#### **Solution**



