---
layout: post
title:  BREAK - Breaking in
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: BREAK
src: BREAK.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Mayco has recently been hired as a security consultant for a well-known
software company. At the moment, he's working on his first assignment – trying
to determine which of the company's servers would be the best targets for
potential attackers. It is a bit difficult, though, because some of the
servers "trust" some of the others. If an attacker compromises a server, he or
she can also freely access all servers that trust it (and servers that trust
them, and so on).

By definition, the importance of a server S is the number of servers the
attacker would be able to access if he compromised S. The most important
servers are those with the highest importance. (Note that there can be more
than one most important server. This is also illustrated in the example
below.)

### Problem specification

The network consists of N computers, numbered 1 to N, inclusive. The trust
between computers is described by M ordered pairs (A,B) of numbers, denoting
that computer A trusts computer B. The trust is not assumed to be mutual –
i.e., if a computer A trusts computer B, it does not necessarily imply that
computer B trusts computer A.

### Input specification

The first line of the input file contains an integer T specifying the number
of test cases. Each test case is preceded by a blank line.

Each test case starts with a line containing the numbers N and M(1<= N <=9000,
1<= M <= 52000). Each of the following M lines contains two integers, A and B,
denoting that computer A trusts computer B.

### Output specification

For each test case, the output shall contain one line with the numbers of all
of the most important servers. The numbers must be listed in increasing order
and separated by single spaces.

### Example

    
    
    input:
    2
    
    5 4
    3 1
    3 2
    4 3
    5 3
    
    6 5
    1 2
    2 3
    3 1
    1 4
    5 6
    
    output:
    1 2
    4
    

### Note

Blue Mary has found a pruning which will make the program very efficient. So
the time limit of the hard test case is changed from 60 seconds to 15 seconds.
If you have some even harder test case, please send it to
[me](http://www.spoj.com/users/john_jones), and I'll add it to the standard
input file.



#### **Solution**



