---
layout: post
title:  RAIN3 - Rain
categories: ['dynamic-programming']
code: RAIN3
src: RAIN3.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Doctor Jones is a famous archeologist. He did some research on the Tiribaki
Islands recently. His most famous discovery was the Meteoronome - a machine
with a yellow button used by the Tiribakian highest priest to predict the
weather. The Meteoronome had been set up by the gods at the Beginning of Time.
Tiribakians pressed the button every day. As a result, the Meteoronome
produced a number - the expected rainfall in millimetres for the next day.
More precisely, after _i_ button hits (counted since the Beginning of Time)
Meteoronome gives the expected rainfall for the day _i_ since the Beginning of
Time.

Unfortunately, the Meteoronome has not been used for several thousands of
years and nobody knows how many steps should be performed to reach the current
date. Researchers have spent a lot of effort to find out how the Meteoronome
works. A mathematical model has been proposed: The Meteoronome is initialized
by a pair of integers, s[0] and t[0]. For the _i_ -th step, the Meteoronome
computes the values

    
    
    s[i] = (78901 + 31*s[i-1]) mod  699037
    t[i] = (23456 + 64*t[i-1]) mod 2097151
    

The output of the i-th step is the number

    
    
    a[i]=(s[i] mod 100 + 1) * (t[i] mod 100 + 1)
    

Doctor Jones's friend, Ms. Linda Watson, is now planning a holiday on Tiribaki
Islands. She would like to stay there as long as possible but she hates the
rain. She can stand no more than M millimetres of rainfall during her entire
stay on Tiribaki.

Doctor Jones wants to help his friend and to compute the longest period which
she can safely stay on Tiribaki. He simulated _N_ steps of the Meteoronome.
This way, he obtained a sequence of numbers a[1],a[2],...,a[N] which represent
predictions for _N_ subsequent days. Now he wants to find the largest _K_ such
that for each period of at most _K_ subsequent days from day _i_ to day _j_
the sum of the predictions a[i]+a[i+1]+...+a[j] is less than or equal to _M_.
Linda can be sure that if she stays on Tiribaki for at most _K_ days, she can
endure the rain (provided that _N_ is large enough).

### Input specification

The input file consists of several blocks of data. The first line of the input
file contains the number of blocks. Each block contains four integers
delimited by whitespace: s[0], t[0] - the initial values for the Meteoronome,
_N_ (1 <= _N_ <=1500000)- the length of the sequence and _M_ \- the maximum
sum of a subsequence. All the input data fits into 32-bit signed integer.

### Output specification

The output file contains one line for each block of input data. In this line
there is a single integer _K_ as specified above.

### Example

    
    
    Input file:
    1
    123456 123456 10 10000
    
    Output file:
    2
    

Note, that the sequence produced by Meteoronome for this input file is
4664,1248,267,4900,837,4048,990,6935,1155,490. No subsequence of length 2 has
sum greater than 10000 and there are subsequences of length 3 with greater
sum.



#### **Solution**



