---
layout: post
title:  BROKEN - Broken Keyboard
categories: ['ad-hoc-1']
code: BROKEN
src: BROKEN.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Bruce Force's keyboard is broken, only a few keys are still working. Bruce has
figured out he can still type texts by switching the keyboard layout whenever
he needs to type a letter which is currently not mapped to any of the _m_
working keys of the keyboard.

You are given a text that Bruce wishes to type, and he asks you if you can
tell him the maximum number of consecutive characters in the text which can be
typed without having to switch the keyboard layout. For simplicity, we assume
that each key of the keyboard will be mapped to exactly one character, and it
is not possible to type other characters by combination of different keys.
This means that Bruce wants to know the length of the largest substring of the
text which consists of at most _m_ different characters.

### Input

The input contains several test cases, each test case consisting of two lines.
The first line of each test case contains the number _m_ ( _1 ≤ m ≤ 128_ ),
which specifies how many keys on the keyboard are still working. The second
line of each test case contains the text which Bruce wants to type. You may
assume that the length of this text does not exceed 1 million characters. Note
that the input may contain space characters, which should be handled like any
other character.

The last test case is followed by a line containing one zero.

### Output

For each test case, print one line with the length of the largest substring of
the text which consists of at most _m_ different characters.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    5
    This can't be solved by brute force.
    1
    Mississippi
    0
    
    Output:
    7
    2
    



#### **Solution**



