---
layout: post
title:  RETRO - Retrovirus
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: RETRO
src: RETRO.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Little Petar, hacker and bioinformatician, has successfully achieved his
greatest hacking feat to date - he successfully broken into the highly guarded
database of the DBW (Department of Biotechnological Weaponry), which is
suspected of creating many pandemic-causing retroviridae in the past. Among
many secret projects, he has discovered a prototype of a brand-new kind of
retrovirus, potentially capable of causing a new, incurable disease.

Retroviridae store all their genetic information used for attacking the host
cell in a single strand of ribonucleic acid (RNA). An RNA strand consists of a
string of nucleotides, that may be either Adenine (A), Uracil (U), Cytosine
(C) or Guanine (G).

Petar found out that the prototype is actually a mutated version of a known
retrovirus - as such, it is expected that there are regions (substrings) where
these two viruses are highly "similar". The similarity of two regions of same
length is defined as the number of indices where their nucleotides match; e.g.
the similarity between "ACAGU" and "AGAGA" is 3 (the nucleotides match on the
first, third and fourth position).

Petar has identified potentially similar regions - it is now up to you to
write the program to calculate how similar they actually are.

### Input

The first line of the standard input contains a natural number N, the length
of the RNA strand of both the old and the new retrovirus. The second and third
line contain two strings, RV<sub>1</sub> and RV<sub>2</sub>,
representing their RNA strands.

The fourth line contains a natural number Q, representing the number of
similarity queries that need answering. Each of the following Q lines contains
three natural numbers X, Y and L - this means that the similarity of the
regions of length L starting from the Xth position in RV<sub>1</sub> and
the Yth position in RV<sub>2</sub> should be calculated. It is guaranteed
that this region can extend for at least L characters in both strings.

### Output

For each of the Q queries, output the answers in order, each one in a separate
line of the output.

### Example

    
    
    Input:  
     7  
    AUGCAAG  
    GGAUGCG  
    2  
    1 3 4  
    6 1 2
    
    
    Output:  
     4  
    1

### Explanation

Let A[i..j] be the substring of A starting on index i and ending on index j.

The first query asks for the similarity of RV<sub>1</sub>[1..4] = "AUGC"
and RV<sub>2</sub>[3..6] = "AUGC", which is 4 (as this is a complete
match).

The second query asks for the similarity of RV<sub>1</sub>[6..7] = "AG"
and RV<sub>2</sub>[1..2] = "GG", which is 1 (as only the second index
matches).

### Constraints

  * 1 <= N <= 1000
  * 1 <= Q <= 10<sup>6</sup>



#### **Solution**



