---
layout: post
title:  ALL - All Discs Considered
categories: ['bfs']
code: ALL
src: ALL.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Operating systems are large software artefacts composed of many packages,
usually distributed on several media, e.g., discs. You probably remember the
time when your favourite operating system was delivered on 21 floppy discs,
or, a few years later, on 6 CDs. Nowadays, it will be shipped on several DVDs,
each containing tens of thousands of packages.

The installation of certain packages may require that other packages have been
installed previously. Therefore, if the packages are distributed on the media
in an unsuitable way, the installation of the complete system requires you to
perform many media changes, provided that there is only one reading device
available, e.g., one DVD-ROM drive. Since you have to start the installation
somehow, there will of course be one or more packages that can be installed
independently of all other packages.

Given a distribution of packages on media and a list of dependences between
packages, you have to calculate the minimal number of media changes required
to install all packages. For your convenience, you may assume that the
operating system comes on exactly 2 DVDs.

### Input

The input contains several test cases. Every test case starts with three
integers `N<sub>1</sub>, N<sub>2</sub>, D`. You may assume that
`1<=N<sub>1</sub>,N<sub>2</sub><=50000` and `0<=D<=100000`. The first
DVD contains `N<sub>1</sub>` packages, identified by the numbers `1, 2,
..., N<sub>1</sub>`. The second DVD contains `N<sub>2</sub>` packages,
identified by the numbers `N<sub>1</sub>+1, N<sub>1</sub>+2, ...,
N<sub>1</sub>+N<sub>2</sub>`. Then follow `D` dependence
specifications, each consisting of two integers `x<sub>i</sub>,
y<sub>i</sub>`. You may assume that
`1<=x<sub>i</sub>,y<sub>i</sub><=N<sub>1</sub>+N<sub>2</sub>`
for `1<=i<=D`. The dependence specification means that the installation of
package `x<sub>i</sub>` requires the previous installation of package
`y<sub>i</sub>`. You may assume that there are no circular dependences.
The last test case is followed by three zeros.

### Output

For each test case output on a line the minimal number of DVD changes required
to install all packages. By convention, the DVD drive is empty before the
installation and the initial insertion of a disc counts as `one` change.
Likewise, the final removal of a disc counts as `one` change, leaving the DVD
drive empty after the installation.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    3 2 1
    1 2
    2 2 2
    1 3
    4 2
    2 1 1
    1 3
    0 0 0
    
    Output:
    3
    4
    3
    



#### **Solution**



