---
layout: post
title:  CRYPTO1 - The Bytelandian Cryptographer (Act I)
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: CRYPTO1
src: CRYPTO1.py
---

### **Statement**

The infamous Bytelandian Bit-eating Fanatic Organisation (BBFO for short)
plans to launch an all-out denial-of-service attack on the Bytelandian
McDecimal's fast food network by blocking the entrance to every restaurant
with a camel (the purpose being to rid the Organisation of unhealthy
competition, obviously). In a sly and perfidious move, the head cryptographer
of BBFO decided to disclose the date and time of the planned attack to the
management of McDecimal's, but in encrypted form (ha ha). He calculated the
number of seconds from midnight 1970.01.01 GMT to the moment of attack,
squared it, divided it by 4000000007 and sent the remainder by e-mail to
McDecimal's. This made the original date impossible to decode.

Or did it?

 *

You work as the head algorthimist at McDecimal's HQ and know nothing of what
is happening in Byteland. Things are not going well. You are playing a quiet
game of hearts against your computer and wondering why on earth Management are
considering making you redundant. Suddenly, the CEO bursts into your office,
saying:

\- Look here, young man[lady]! I have this number and those guys claim it is
supposed to be some date. I am giving you one second to tell me what it all
means!

I am afraid you have no choice. You can't ask any further questions.  
You just have to answer, now.

### Input

The encrypted timestamp.

### Output

The decrypted GMT time and date of attack, somewhere between 1970 and 2030,
using standard 26 character formatting.

### Example

Input:  
`1749870067`

Output:  
`Sun Jun 13 16:20:39 2004`



#### **Solution**



