---
layout: post
title:  SUPPER - Supernumbers in a permutation
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: SUPPER
src: SUPPER.cpp
---

### **Statement**

An _n_ -element permutation is an _n_ -element sequence of distinct numbers
from the set _{1, 2, ...,n}_. For example the sequence 2,1,4,5,3 is a
5-element permutation. We are interested in the longest increasing
subsequences in a permutation. In this exemplary permutation they are of
length 3 and there are exactly 2 such subsequences: 2,4,5 and 1,4,5. We will
call a number belonging to any of the longest increasing subsequences a
_supernumber_. In the permutation 2,1,4,5,3 the supernumbers are 1,2,4,5 and 3
is not a supernumber. Your task is to find all supernumbers for a given
permutation.

###  Task

Write a program which

  * reads a permutation from standard input, 
  * finds all its supernumbers, 
  * writes all found numbers to standard output. 

###  Input

Ten test cases (given one under another, you have to process all!). Each test
case consists of two lines. In the first line there is a number _n_ (1
<=n<=100000). In the second line: an _n_ -element permutation - _n_ numbers
separated by single spaces.

###  Output

For every test case your program should write two lines. In the first line \-
the number of supernumbers in the input permutation. In the second line the
supernumbers separated by single spaces in increasing order.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    5
    2 1 4 5 3
    [and 9 test cases more]
    
    Output:
    4
    1 2 4 5
    [and 9 test cases more]
    
    

Warning: large Input/Output data, be careful with certain languages



#### **Solution**



