---
layout: post
title:  FINGP - Fingerprints
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: FINGP
src: FINGP.py
---

### **Statement**

professor Emad Eldin one of the best people in pattern recognation , he asked
his students to create a program to check if a spicial pattern belongs to
fingerprints of someone or not.

he said that we can consider that a computer reads the special pattern and the
fingerprint as strings , and we can say that the fingerprint belongs to
special pattern if

the last substring of the fingerprints string is the same as special pattern
string.

Your task is to help professor Emad students.

professor Emad Eldin one of the best people in pattern recognation , he asked
his students to create a program to check if a special pattern belongs to
fingerprints of someone or not.

he said that we can consider that a computer reads the special pattern and the
fingerprints as strings , and we can say that the special pattern belongs to
the fingerprint if the last substring of the fingerprint string is the same as
the special pattern string.

Your task is to help professor Emad students.

### Input

The first line of the input contains special pattern string S(1 ≤ | _S_ | ≤
50). second line will be a single integer N, the number of fingerprints (1 ≤ N
≤ 10).N lines follow, each line contains fingerprint string F(1 ≤ | _F_ | ≤
50).

### Output

For each test case, print an integer K, the number of fingerprints strings
that spicial pattern string belongs to it. Followed by K lines, each contains
the fingerprint string that the special pattern string belongs to it. You
should print the fingerprint strings in a lexicographical order. If there is
no fingerprint belongs to the special pattern , print "Wrong fingerprints!"
instead.

###  
Examples  
  

    
    
    Input:
    On
    5
    Pattern recognatiOn
    CommOn patterN
    game
    organizatiOn
    lion
      
    Output:  
    2
    Pattern recognatiOn
    organizatiOn
    
    
    Input:
    Ze  
    2
    Fingerprint
    pattern design  
    
    Output:
    Wrong fingerprints!

Notes  
  
\- String _S_ contains upper-case English letters ('A' - 'Z') and lower-case
English letters ('a' - 'z') only.

\- All other strings in the input contains upper-case English letters ('A' -
'Z'), lower-case English letters ('a' - 'z') and spaces (' ') only.

\- All strings are case sensitive ('A' is not equal to 'a').

-Lexicographical order is defined in following way. When we compare s and t, first we find the leftmost position with differing characters: si ≠ ti. If there is no such position (i. e. s is a prefix of t or vice versa) the shortest string is less. Otherwise, we compare characters si and ti according to their order in alphabet.



#### **Solution**



