---
layout: post
title:  OFFSIDE - He is offside!
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: OFFSIDE
src: OFFSIDE.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Hemisphere Network is the largest television network in Tumbolia, a small
country located east of South America (or south of East America). The most
popular sport in Tumbolia, unsurprisingly, is soccer; many games are broadcast
every week in Tumbolia.

Hemisphere Network receives many requests to replay dubious plays; usually,
these happen when a player is deemed to be offside by the referee. An
attacking player is _offside_ if he is nearer to his opponents’ goal line than
the second last opponent. A player is not offside if

  * he is level with the second last opponent or 

  * he is level with the last two opponents. 

Through the use of computer graphics technology, Hemisphere Network can take
an image of the field and determine the distances of the players to the
defending team’s goal line, but they still need a program that, given these
distances, decides whether a player is offside.

### Input

The input file contains several test cases. The first line of each test case
contains two integers A and D separated by a single space indicating,
respectively, the number of attacking and defending players involved in the
play (2 <= A,D <= 11). The next line contains A integers B<sub>i</sub>
separated by single spaces, indicating the distances of the attacking players
to the goal line (1 <= B<sub>i</sub> <= 10<sup>4</sup>). The next line
contains D integers C<sub>j</sub> separated by single spaces, indicating
the distances of the defending players to the goal line (1 <=
C<sub>j</sub> <= 10<sup>4</sup>). The end of input is indicated by A =
D = 0.

### Output

For each test case in the input print a line containing a single character:
“Y” (uppercase) if there is an attacking player offside, and “N” (uppercase)
otherwise.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    2 3
    500 700
    700 500 500
    2 2
    200 400
    200 1000
    3 4
    530 510 490
    480 470 50 310
    0 0
    
    Output:
    N
    Y
    N
    



#### **Solution**



