---
layout: post
title:  EVENFRQ - Even Frequency
categories: ['eid2016']
code: EVENFRQ
src: EVENFRQ.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Kutus loves even number. Girl friend of kutus, name putus makes an interesting

problem for kutus to testing his even number knowledge. Putus gives an integer

array A, consisting of N number.

Putus asked Kutus to process the following three types of queries on this
array

accurately and efficiently.

• 0 X V: add V to the Xth element of array. i.e AX = AX + V.

• 1 L R V: replace all the element in range L to R with V.

• 2 L R: Find out whether all elements frequency in the range L to R is/are
even or

not

Kutus loves even number. Girl friend of kutus, name putus makes an interesting
problem for kutus to testing his even number knowledge. Putus gives an integer
array A, consisting of N number.

Putus asked Kutus to process the following three types of queries on this
array accurately and efficiently.

• 0 X V: add V to the Xth element of array. i.e AX = AX + V.

• 1 L R V: replace all the element in range L to R with V.

• 2 L R: Find out whether all elements frequency in the range L to R is/are
even or not

### Input

Input start with an integer T, which denotes the number of test case. Each
case contains 2 space separated integer N and Q denoting the size of array A
and the number of queries to be performed.

Next line contains N space separated integers denoting the elements of array
A. Each of the next Q lines of input contains a query having one of the
mentioned three types. There will be no more than fifty update operation (type
0 & type 1).

### Output

For each case print the case number and print the answer. If all elements
frequency in the range L to R is/are even, then answer will be ‘Yes’ otherwise
answer will be ‘No’.

Constraints :

T <= 10

1 <= N <= 100000

1 <= Q <= 100000

0 <= Ai , V <= 100000

1 <= L <= R <= N

### Example

    
    
    Input:
     1
    5 6
    1 2 2 3 2
    2 2 3
    0 5 1
    2 2 5
    2 1 5
    1 1 3 2
    2 1 5
    
    Output:
     Case 1:
    Yes
    Yes
    No
    No



#### **Solution**



