---
layout: post
title:  ABA12E - Shooting the balloons!
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: ABA12E
src: ABA12E.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Dhinakaran is very fond of games. Shooting the balloons is his favourite. In
this game, there are ‘n’ balloons which are arranged in a line. Every balloon
has a unique number which is the number of points earned if that balloon is
shot. A constraint here is that you should shoot contiguous balloons. So,
Dhinakaran wanted to find the maximum number of points he could earn. He
sought help from a friend who told him that it was the famous maximum
contiguous sum problem. So Dhinakaran learnt about it and was happy. But
Dhinakaran is not someone who gets satisfied so easily. He wanted to find the
k-th smallest possible contiguous sum! Now, his friend was not able to solve
this. So he came to me. I suggested that he approach you. You are a great
coder, aren’t you? Help him out.

There will be atleast 1 balloon and atmost 50000 balloons, and each balloon
can have atleast 0 point and atmost 10<sup>9</sup> points.

### Input

The first line of each data set contains the number of balloons and value of
k.

1 <= k <= (n * (n + 1)) / 2

The second line contains N space separated integers.

### Output

The output for each test case should be a single line containing the k-th
smallest possible contiguous sum of points that could be achieved.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    
    
     5 3
    
    1 2 3 4 5
    
    Output:
    
    3
    
    Explanation of sample case:
    
    The first 5 smallest contiguous subsequences are 1, 2, 3, 1 + 2, 4



#### **Solution**



