---
layout: post
title:  CERC07K - Key Task
categories: ['bfs']
code: CERC07K
src: CERC07K.cpp
---

### **Statement**

The Czech Technical University is rather old - you already know that it
celebrates 300 years of its existence in 2007. Some of the university
buildings are old as well. And the navigation in old buildings can sometimes
be a little bit tricky, because of strange long corridors that fork and join
at absolutely unexpected places.

The result is that some first-graders have often difficulties finding the
right way to their classes. Therefore, the Student Union has developed a
computer game to help the students to practice their orientation skills. The
goal of the game is to find the way out of a labyrinth. Your task is to write
a verification software that solves this game.

The labyrinth is a 2-dimensional grid of squares, each square is either free
or filled with a wall. Some of the free squares may contain doors or keys.
There are four different types of keys and doors: blue, yellow, red, and
green. Each key can open only doors of the same color. You can move between
adjacent free squares vertically or horizontally, diagonal movement is not
allowed. You may not go across walls and you cannot leave the labyrinth area.
If a square contains a door, you may go there only if you have stepped on a
square with an appropriate key before.

### Input

The input consists of several maps. Each map begins with a line containing two
integer numbers R and C (1 <= R, C <= 100) specifying the map size. Then there
are R lines each containing C characters. Each character is one of the
following:  
Hash mark '#' Wall  
Dot '.' Free square  
Asterisk '*' Your position  
Uppercase letter 'B','Y','R','G' Blue, yellow, red or green door  
Uppercase X 'X' Exit  

Note that it is allowed to have * more than one exit,  
* no exit at all,  
* more doors and/or keys of the same color, and  
* keys without corresponding doors and vice versa.  

You may assume that the marker of your position ("*") will appear exactly once
in every map. There is one blank line after each map. The input is terminated
by two zeros in place of the map size.

### Output

For each map, print one line containing the sentence "Escape possible in S
steps.", where S is the smallest possible number of step to reach any of the
exits. If no exit can be reached, output the string "The poor student is
trapped!" instead. One step is defined as a movement between two adjacent
cells. Grabbing a key or unlocking a door does not count as a step.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    1 10
    *........X
    
    1 3
    *#X
    
    3 20
    ####################
    #XY.gBr.*.Rb.G.GG.y#
    ####################
    
    0 0
    
    Output
    Escape possible in 9 steps.
    The poor student is trapped!
    Escape possible in 45 steps.
    
    



#### **Solution**



