---
layout: post
title:  ALWFACT - Allowed Factors
categories: ['dynamic-programming']
code: ALWFACT
src: ALWFACT.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Chico told his students that now they would be referenced by numerical codes
of up to 12 digits in official communications (e-mails and tasks). And then he
gave to each one of his students a card containing an unique number written on
it. Quickly the students assumed that this would be their code, but to the
surprise of the students and Levi's despair, Professor Chico explained that
these were not their code.

A student's code was the term of an ordered sequence S that was in the
position (indexed from 1) specified by the number on the card of each student.
This sequence has a special feature: each term, when decomposed into prime
factors, can only have numbers contained in a set of N elements written on
the board by the teacher. And to make life even harder for Levi, those numbers
would change every week in such a way that he will always have to recalculate
his code if he doesn't want to delay his tasks.

Your task is to make a program to help Levi, so that given the prime numbers
written on the board during the week by Professor Chico and number on the
card, tell his weekly code.

### Input

The input consists of several test cases. The first line of a test case
contains two integers N (1 ≤ N ≤ 10<sup>2</sup>) and M (1 ≤
M ≤ 10<sup>5</sup>) representing respectively the number of numbers
written by Professor Chico and the number written on the card. The second line
contains N prime numbers P <sub> i </sub>(2 ≤ P <sub>
i </sub> < 10<sup>6</sup>), where P <sub> i </sub> (1 ≤
i ≤ N ) is a number written in the board. The entry ends when N =
M =0.

### Output

The output consists of one line per test case containing the Levi's weekly
code.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    
    
     2 1
    
    
    2 3
    
    
    2 10
    
    
    2 3
    
    
    3 10
    
    
    2 3 5
    
    
    3 10
    
    
    3 7 13
    
    
    0 0
    
    
    
    Output:
    
    
     2
    
    
    24
    
    
    15
    
    
    81



#### **Solution**



