---
layout: post
title:  NPC2014D - General Joke
categories: ['adhoc']
code: NPC2014D
src: NPC2014D.cpp
---

### **Statement**

A long time ago, there was a big war. This war have two sides, one is The
Schematics and the other one is The Unschematicszan. Joke is a respected
general of The Schematics and is feared by The Unschematicszan. On every
battle, Joke and his minions always win so the elite soldiers of The
Unschematicszan can't fight him.

This war goes on until one day General Joke decides to end the war. At the
same time, there are still N town that are under control of The
Unschematicszan, numbered from 1 to N. In each town, there are Pi elite
soldiers of The Unscehmaticszan that stands guard 24 hours a day. To take over
a town, General Joke must bring at least the same number of minion as the
number of elite soldiers guarding that town. After taking over a town, General
Joke must leave at least a minion so that town doesn't get taken back by the
Unschematicszan. The winner of the fight doesn't lose any soldier/minion in
the fight. After a long thought, General Joke decides to take over the town
starting from town number 1 to N and asks you to count the minimum number of
minions that he must bring to successfully take over all the towns.

### Input

First line is T, the number of test cases. For each test case, the first line
is N, the number of towns occupied by The Unschematicszan. The next line is N
numbers, representing Pi which is the number of elite soldiers on town i,
starting from 1 to N.

### Output

Minimum number of minions that Joke must bring to win.

### Sample Input

    
    
    1
    5
    1 2 5 4 2

### Sample Output

    
    
    7

### Constraint

  * 1 ≤ T ≤ 100
  * 1 ≤ N ≤ 100000
  * 1 ≤ Pi ≤ 1000000

Input file is huge, is faster I/O (scanf for C)



#### **Solution**



