---
layout: post
title:  ZAMENA - Zamena
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: ZAMENA
src: ZAMENA.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Little Picsel, a long-term member of the Secret Committee, has decided to
resign after years of loyal service. However, as he does not want his
departure to go unnoticed, he has decided to encrypt his final suggestion for
this year's Nationals, using a key only known to him. He left only a single
array to the other Committee members, containing all of their IDs ( the IDs
are of a fixed length and need not be unique ), and the statement of the
problem that they must solve in order to obtain the key:

Picsel had initially traversed the array, starting from the first element
towards the last, until he found an ID he liked and remembered it. Then he
continued his traversal, and upon encountering a very similar ID to the one he
remembered (two IDs are _very similar_ if they differ at most in a single
digit ), he has two options:

  *remembering the encountered ID instead of the previously remembered one, and continuing his traversal;
  *continuing his traversal without remembering the encountered ID.

Picsel also keeps track of the total 'score' he has obtained throughout his
traversal; initially, his score is set to zero, however whenever he chooses to
remember a new ID, the score increases by the absolute difference of the old
and new ID's digit on the position in which they differ. For example, if the
previously remembered ID was 1234, and the newly remembered ID is 1274, the
score increases by 4 in that case. The Committee now must determine the
maximal score that Picsel could have achieved.

The Nationals have already begun, and the Committee had failed to decrypt
Picsel's problem and are unable to offer the contestants a new one. As such,
they asked for your help with the decryption; for additional motivation, they
are offering you 100 points at the contest as a reward.

### Input

The first line of the standard input contains a natural number N, representing
the amount of members of the Secret Committee.

Each of the following N lines contains a single integer A<sub>i</sub>,
representing the ID of the i-th committee member in the array.

### Output

Write to the first and only line of the standard output a single integer M,
representing the maximal score that Picsel could have achieved.

### Example

    
    
    Input:  
     6  
    8823  
    2145  
    2185  
    3385  
    4145  
    4445
    
    
    Output:
    5

### Explanation

Picsel first decides to remember the ID 2145. Afterwards he immediately has
the option of remembering 2185 instead, however he refuses to do so, as if he
were to choose to remember the ID 4145 instead, followed immediately by 4445,
he would win a total score of 5:

2145 -> 4145 -> 4445 => score = |4 - 2| + |4 - 1| = 5

There is no strategy that will result in Picsel scoring more than five points.

### Constraints

  * 1 <= N <= 10<sup>5</sup>
  * 0 <= A<sub>i</sub> < 10<sup>7</sup>
  * All of the IDs A<sub>i</sub> will be of the same length



#### **Solution**



