---
layout: post
title:  LOVEGURU - Love Guru
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: LOVEGURU
src: LOVEGURU.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Recently after girls being allowed to get admitted into IUT, the number of
couples in IUT(International University Of Technology) is gradually
increasing. In last few months a problem has been noticed. More than one
boy/girl had crush on same boy/girl. These created conflicts amongst students.
To solve this problem, IUTRC(IUT Relationship Community) came up with a
solution. They set up rules with whom a student can only get in a
relationship. If your name and the other persons name has a common substing of
length k , only then two you can engage yourselves in a relationship. Now, as
a loveguru now students are coming to you for knowing if his relationship with
his crush possible or not. Help them Love Guru.

### Input

First line contains two integer 0<n<10000 and 1<k<=n.

n refers the number of people came for your help and k refers the minimum
common substring size.

Then next n lines contains two space separated strings each containing only
lower case letters. Name of the boy and name of the girl. no name contains
less than 2 characters or more than 100 characters.

### Output

For each case on each line print "Yes" if possible and "No" otherwise.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    
    
    5 3
    
    
    salman almiza
    
    
    rizvi krizvia
    
    
    abid nowmi
    
    
    atondro iroboton
    
    
    curlybraces hiscrush
    
    
    Output:
    
    
    Yes
    
    
    Yes
    
    
    No
    
    
    Yes
    
    
    No



#### **Solution**



