---
layout: post
title:  ADASETS - Ada and Sets
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: ADASETS
src: ADASETS.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Ada the Ladybug is attending Assertive Club of Mathematicians. On last
session, Ada had a fight with her friend Horntail Hansel. Hansel claimed, that
if somebody picks a set of binary-vectors of length K , he can generate an
infinetly long binary vector, which will have none of the smaller vectors as
substring. Ada claimed opossite and now she is prepairing a proof, she could
pick a set (for any K ), that every such infinite vector will contain at
least one of her vectors as substring. Obviously, it is true, since if she
picks all 2<sup>K</sup> vectors, Hansel's vector will always have at
least one of such vectors as substring (and even as prefix).

She also wanted to construct such set, to add to importance, but then she
realzed 2<sup>K</sup> is too much, so instead she wanted to construct
minimal such set. Can you help her to find the size of such set? Even though
it might be lesser, it is still pretty big, so output it modulo
10<sup>9</sup>+7

### Input

The first line of input will contain 1 ≤ T ≤ 10<sup>6</sup> , the
number of test-cases.

The next T lines will contain 1 ≤ K ≤ 10<sup>7</sup> , the size of
binary vectors Ada wants to generate.

### Output

For each test-case, output the minimum number of binary vectors of length
K Ada has to generate, so that Hansel can't make an infinite vector which
wouldn't have at least one of Ada's vectors as substring. Output this modulo
1000000007.

### Example Input

    
    
    7
    1
    2
    3
    13
    666
    123456
    3141592
    

### Example Output

    
    
    2
    3
    4
    632
    595842408
    994717838
    244191463
    

### Examples of first 3 inputs:

    
    
    0,1
    00,01,11
    000,001,101,111
    



#### **Solution**



