---
layout: post
title:  HELPR2D2 - Help R2-D2!
categories: ['greedy', 'tree']
code: HELPR2D2
src: HELPR2D2.cpp
---

### **Statement**

In Episode III of Star Wars (whose alleged title is "How I became Vader"),
R2-D2 (Artoo-Detoo) is again confronted to a tedious work. He is responsible
for the loading of the republic transport starships in the fastest way.
Imagine a huge space area where n starships are parked. Each starship has a
capacity of K cubic femtoparsec. Containers C<sub>i</sub> arrive one at a
time with some volume v<sub>i</sub> (expressed in cubic femtoparsec).
R2-D2 wants to minimize the number of starships used for a given sequence of
containers.  
Smart as he is, R2-D2 knows for sure that the problem is a hard one, even with
the force being around. Here is the heuristics he selected to solve his
problem. Start with all starships ready to load, and numbered
S<sub>0</sub>,S<sub>1</sub>,etc. When a container C<sub>j</sub>
arrives, select the starship of minimal index i that can contain
C<sub>j</sub> and put it in S<sub>i</sub>. In some sense, this
heuristic minimizes the move of the container arriving before its loading.  
At the end of the n arrivals, R2-D2 counts the number s of starships used and
he measures the total waste w of the sequence. For i=0..s-1, the waste in
starship i is given by the unused volume.  
Your task is to simulate the algorithm of R2-D2.

### Input

The first line of the input contains a number T ≤ 10 that indicates the number
of test cases to follow. Each test case begins with K on a line (K ≤ 1000),
followed by the number of containers in the sequence, n, on the second line (1
≤ n ≤ 1000000). There are two possible formats for the remaining lines. If it
contains one integer, then this is the next v<sub>i</sub>. If it begins
with the character b (for block), it is followed by 2 integers r and v. This
means that the r next containers arriving have volume v.

### Output

Your program must output the number s of starships used, followed by a blank,
followed by the total waste w.  
You can assume, that at most 100000 starships are needed, and R2-D2 has to
change the starships in which the next container is loaded at most 100000
times.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    2
    100
    3
    50
    25
    70
    100
    4
    50
    b 2 40
    20
    Output:
    2 55
    2 50
    



#### **Solution**



