---
layout: post
title:  BURGLARY - Boat Burglary
categories: ['divide-and-conquer', 'brute-force']
code: BURGLARY
src: BURGLARY.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Rachid lives on a boat, and owns only a few items, n to be precise. He takes
big care of his items, and measured the weight of each of them with high
precision. Item i weights W<sub>i</sub> micrograms. One night a thief
visits his boat and steels some items. Rachid notices that the next morning,
because the boat is lighter, and he could measure from the water level that
this difference is D micrograms. He would like to know how many items are
missing, just by examining these weights, and asks you for help.

### Input

The first line of the input consists of the number of test cases, T. T test
cases follow. Each case consists of two lines, the first one containing two
integers N and D, separated by a space. Then second line contains n integers,
representing the weights of all items, separated by space.

The input satisfies the following limits.

1≤T≤20  
1≤N≤30  
0≤D≤3*10<sup>10</sup>  
0≤W<sub>i≤</sub>10<sup>9</sup>

### Output

For each test case output one line containing "Case #x: y", where x is the
case number (starting from 1). If the number of missing items could be
determined, then y is this number. If there are several answers to the problem
y is the string "AMBIGIOUS" and if there is no answer y is the string
"IMPOSSIBLE" (quotes added for clarity and are not part of the output).

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    4
    5 10
    2 3 6 9 5
    5 20
    1 4 2 3 15
    5 20
    1 4 5 15 27
    5 16
    1 2 4 8 32
    
    Output:
    Case #1: 3
    Case #2: 3
    Case #3: AMBIGIOUS
    Case #4: IMPOSSIBLE	
    



#### **Solution**



