---
layout: post
title:  AE5B2 - Permutacja
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: AE5B2
src: AE5B2.cpp
---

### **Statement**

You are given a sequence of positive integers a<sub>1</sub>,
a<sub>2</sub>, . . . , a<sub>n</sub>. We would like to order the
numbers from 1 to n in such a way, that the i-th number is not greater than
a<sub>i</sub> (for each i). In other words, we are looking for a
permutation p of numbers from 1 to n, which satisfies: p<sub>i</sub> ≤
a<sub>i</sub> for each 1 ≤ i ≤ n. There is one more problem, the sequence
ai may change over time. . .

### Input

The first line of standard input contains one integer n (1 ≤ n ≤ 200 000), the
number of elements of the a<sub>i</sub> sequence. In the second line,
there is a sequence of n positive integers a<sub>i</sub> (1 ≤
a<sub>i</sub> ≤ n), separated by single spaces. The third line contains
one integer m (0 ≤ m ≤ 500 000), representing the number of modifications made
to the ai sequence. The following m lines describe these modifications. Each
description consists of two integers j<sub>i</sub> and w<sub>i</sub>
(1 ≤ j<sub>i</sub>, w<sub>i</sub> ≤ n for 1 ≤ i ≤ m), separated by
single spaces and meaning that j<sub>i</sub>-th element of the sequence
becomes w<sub>i</sub>. The operations take place in turns, so the i-th
modification is applied to the sequence altered by (i − 1) previous
modifications.

### Output

Your program should output exactly m + 1 lines to the standard output. Each of
those lines should contain one word TAK (meaning YES) or NIE (meaning NO). The
word in the first line should tell if there exists a permutation p, which
satisfies p<sub>i</sub> ≤ a<sub>i</sub> for each i (for the original
a<sub>i</sub> sequence), whereas the words from following lines answer the
question whether there exist any (potentially different) permutations that
satisfy the given conditions for the ai sequence after each modification.

### Example

For the input data:

    
    
    5
    3 4 3 2 5
    2
    5 4
    1 5
    

the correct result is:

    
    
    TAK
    NIE
    TAK
    

Explanation of the example. For the original ai sequence, the condition is
satisfied by permutation 2, 4, 3, 1, 5. After the first modification, the
sequence becomes 3, 4, 3, 2, 4 and for this sequence no valid permutation
exists. After the second modification, the sequence is 5, 4, 3, 2, 4. An
example of a permutation p satisfying all constraints for this sequence is 5,
1, 3, 2, 4.



#### **Solution**



