---
layout: post
title:  RPSSL - Rock-Paper-Scissors-Lizard-Spock
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: RPSSL
src: RPSSL.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Daniel enjoys watching TV series. One of his favorite is "The Big Bang
Theory". The main characters of this series are: Sheldon – genius theoretical
physicist, his friend Leonard – talented experimental physicist, their
attractive, blonde neighbor Penny, and also their friends an aerospace
engineer Howard and a particle astrophysicist Rajesh.  
One time Rajesh tells Sheldon:  
“I'll tell you what. How about we go rock-paper-scissors?”  
“Ooh”, – Sheldon replies – “I don't think so. Anecdotal evidence suggests that
in the game of rock-paper-scissors, players familiar with each other will tie
75 to 80% of the time due to the limited number of outcomes. I suggest rock-
paper-scissors-lizard-Spock”.  
“What?”  
“It's very simple. Scissors cuts paper. Paper covers rock. Rock crushes
lizard. Lizard poisons Spock. Spock smashes scissors. Scissors decapitates
lizard. Lizard eats paper. Paper disproves Spock. Spock vaporizes rock. And as
it always has, rock crushes scissors”.  
“Okay, I think I got it”.  
And the friends decided to play rock-paper-scissors-lizard-Spock. And we would
determine what the probability that Rajesh beats Sheldon in this game. We know
the probabilities that any of the friends choose any object in the game. Also
we know that they play till two wins, so the winner of the game is the person
who first wins two rounds.

### Input

The first line of input contains the number t - the number of tests. Next
comes the description of t tests. Each test case consists of two lines. The
first line contains five integers R<sub>R</sub>, R<sub>Sc</sub>,
R<sub>P</sub>, R<sub>L</sub>, R<sub>Sp</sub> – the probabilities
that Rajesh chooses rock, scissors, paper, lizard or Spock respectively. The
second line contains five integers S<sub>R</sub>, S<sub>Sc</sub>,
S<sub>P</sub>, S<sub>L</sub>, S<sub>Sp</sub> – the probabilities
that Sheldon chooses rock, scissors, paper, lizard or Spock respectively. (
Note: the order of the objects in the input is rock, scissors, paper,
lizard, Spock. The original problem is in Russian and we have scissors before
paper in Russian variant of the game. Otherwise the rules are the same.)

### Constraints

1 <= t <= 500  
0 <= R<sub>R</sub>, R<sub>Sc</sub>, R<sub>P</sub>,
R<sub>L</sub>, R<sub>Sp</sub> <= 100, R<sub>R</sub> +
R<sub>Sc</sub> + R<sub>P</sub> + R<sub>L</sub> +
R<sub>Sp</sub> = 100  
0 <= S<sub>R</sub>, S<sub>Sc</sub>, S<sub>P</sub>,
S<sub>L</sub>, S<sub>Sp</sub> <= 100, S<sub>R</sub> +
S<sub>Sc</sub> + S<sub>P</sub> + S<sub>L</sub> +
S<sub>Sp</sub> = 100  

### Output

For each test case print the probability that Rajesh beats Sheldon in percent
rounded to the nearest integer.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    2
    10 20 30 40 0
    10 10 10 10 60
    20 20 20 20 20
    20 20 20 20 20
    
    Output:
    66
    50
    
    



#### **Solution**



