---
layout: post
title:  EC_DIVS - Divisors
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: EC_DIVS
src: EC_DIVS.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Misael is a child that loves maths. This year he learned about operations with
decimal numbers, simplifying fractions, maximum and minimum of a set.

But Misael is not an ordinary child. He knows programming and he proposed a
challenge: He will give you a list of numbers and you must calculate all
common divisors for all numbers on that list. The task is simple, but Misael
offers you something even more interesting. The size list is variable, he can
add as well as remove numbers. However Misael doesn't like the prime divisors,
so you should exclude those numbers from the list.

### Input

The first line contains the number of test cases, and each case consists of an
integer N (1  <= N <= 100000): the number of operations to perform.

Each operation can be one of 3 types:

UPD ADD x : Updating the list by adding the element x to the list.

UPD REM x : Update the list by removing the element x from the list.

CON : print common divisors to the entire list.

The range of values ​​of x is 1  <= x <= 10000. There can be more that
one element with the given value on the list. When removing element, you only
remove one element with the given value. It's guaranteed that at least one
such element will exist.

### Output

For each type operation CON print a line with non-prime common divisors listed
in ascending order. If the list is empty, print -1.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    1
    6
    UPD ADD 6
    CON
    UPD ADD 12
    CON
    UPD REM 6
    CON
    
    Output:
    1 6
    1 6
    1 4 6 12



#### **Solution**



