---
layout: post
title:  AE2B - (K,N)-Knight
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: AE2B
src: AE2B.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Bytean chess is one of the most peculiar variants of chess in the world.
Playing each match is a major difficulty, because the game is played on an
infinite chessboard. The basic ability learnt by young enthusiasts of Bytean
chess is considering all possible situations on a chessboard after millions of
moves. To perform this, they need to know whether a given chess piece can get
from one given square to another one.

The most powerful chess piece in Bytean chess is a (K, N)-knight. Its moves
resemble the moves of a knight in traditional chess. Each of its moves
consists of: either moving K squares vertically and afterwards N squares
horizontally, or moving N squares vertically and afterwards K squares
horizontally. The knight from traditional chess can therefore be thought of as
(2, 1)-knight or (1, 2)-knight.

The task is to verify, for two given squares of the chessboard, if a (K,
N)-knight can get from the first square to the second one (the number of
necessary moves is not important).

## Input

The first line of the standard input contains one integer T (1 ≤ T ≤ 20000)
denoting the number of test cases. Each of the following T lines contains a
description of a single test case in the form of six integers K, N,
x<sub>1</sub>, y<sub>1</sub>, x<sub>2</sub>, y<sub>2</sub> (0
≤ K, N ≤ 10<sup>9</sup>, K + N > 0, -10<sup>9</sup> ≤
x<sub>1</sub>, y<sub>1</sub>, x<sub>2</sub>, y<sub>2</sub> ≤
10<sup>9</sup>) separated by single spaces. K and N describe the possible
moves of the knight. The knight starts its movement in square
(x<sub>1</sub>, y<sub>1</sub>). We would like to check if it can get
to square (x<sub>2</sub>, y<sub>2</sub>).

## Output

For each test case exactly one line should be written to the standard output.
It should contain a word `TAK` (meaning YES) or `NIE` (meaning NO) depending
on whether a (K, N)-knight starting from square (x<sub>1</sub>,
y<sub>1</sub>) can get to square (x<sub>2</sub>, y<sub>2</sub>).

## Example

For the input data:

    
    
    3
    2 1 0 0 3 3
    1 1 1 1 1 2
    1 0 2 3 4 6

the correct result is:

    
    
    TAK
    NIE
    TAK

_Task author: Jakub Onufry Wojtaszczyk._



#### **Solution**



