---
layout: post
title:  MOZPWS - Playing With Subarray
categories: ['segment-tree-179', 'sliding-window-14']
code: MOZPWS
src: MOZPWS.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Alice loves to play with array of integers. He has an array A[] of integers.
Bob, friend of Alice is a smart guy. Seeing Alice’s curiousness about array
Bob decided to give Alice a task. Before giving the task Bob ask Alice if he
knows about K_min_subarray? A K_min_subarray is the minimum value of a K
length subarray of array A[]. After Bob knows about K_min_subarray, Alice
gives Bob Q queries about array A[]. In each query he will give two integers
L,R. Alice have to answer the largest value of all possible K_min_subarray in
between L to R. Here each subarray’s starting position must be >= L , ending
position must be <= R and the length of the subarray must be K.

### Input

In the first line given t (Number of test cases)

For each test case there will be the following-

In the first line given two integers n(Size of the array) and K(Length of the
subarray).

In the second line given the elements(A[i]) of the array

In the next line given an integer Q(The number of queries)

In the next Q lines given two integers L , R

Constrains:

1 <= t <= 10

1 <= n <= 10^5

1 <= K <= n

-10^18 <= A[i] <= 10^18

1 <= Q <= 10^5

1 <= L <= R <= n

t *max(n,Q) <= 10^5  

Here all positions are 1 based.

### Output

For each test case you have to output the following-

Print the test case no in one line in the format “Case x:” without quote,
where x is the case number.

For each query output the largest value of all possible K_min_subarray in
between L to R in each line. If answer is not possible print “Impossible”
without quote.

For better understanding see the sample input output and the explanation of
sample.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    
    
     2
    
    
    7 3
    
    
    10 5 15 -5 3 11 2
    
    
    4
    
    
    1 4
    
    
    2 3
    
    
    3 6
    
    
    5 7
    
    
    5 1
    
    
    1 2 3 4 5
    
    
    3
    
    
    1 3
    
    
    2 5
    
    
    4 4
    
    
    
    Output:  
    
    
     Case 1:
    
    
    5
    
    
    Impossible
    
    
    -5
    
    
    2
    
    
    Case 2:
    
    
    3
    
    
    5
    
    
    4

Explanation:   
Test Case 1:

_Query 1:_ Here 2 subarray possible of length 3 between pos 1 to 4 :
{10,5,15} , {5,15,-5}.

Minimum value in {10,5,15} is 5 Minimum value in {5,15,-5} is -5 Maximum of 5
& -5 is 5.

So, answer is 5

_Query 2:_ Here no subarray is possible of length 3 between pos 2 to 3.

So, you have to print “Impossible” __

_Query 3:_ Here 2 subarray possible of length 3 between pos 3  & 6 :
{15,-5,3} , {-5,3,11}.

Minimum value in {15,-5,3} is -5 Minimum value in {-5,3,11} is -5 Maximum of
-5 & -5 is -5.

So, answer is -5.

    
    
    [ This problem originally contributed by Md. Mozahidul Islam(kissu_pari_na), ICT, CoU ]



#### **Solution**



