---
layout: post
title:  DWARFLOG - Manipulate Dwarfs
categories: ['datastructures']
code: DWARFLOG
src: DWARFLOG.cpp
---

### **Statement**

In a small village beyond seven hills and seven seas, Snow White lives
together with N dwarves who spend all their time eating and playing League of
Legends. Snow White wants to put an end to this, so she has organized gym
classes for them.

At the beginning of each class, the dwarves must stand in line, ordered by
their height. For the purposes of this task, assume that the dwarves have
heights 1, 2, ..., N (each exactly once) and initially all are standing in
sorted order with height from 1 to N. Now Snow White play on them by issuing
commands of the form:

• 1 X Y -- dwarves with height X and Y in the line must switch places. She
also checks their ordering by issuing queries of the form:  
• 2 A B -- do dwarves with heights A, A+1, ..., B (not necessarily in that
order) occupy a contiguous subsequence of the current line? Help the doofus
dwarves follow Snow White's instructions and respond to her queries.

INPUT  
The first line of input contains the two positive integers N and M, the number
of dwarves and the number of Snow White's requests, respectively (2 ≤ N ≤ 200
000, 2 ≤ M ≤ 200 000). Each of the following M lines contains a single Snow
White's request, of the form "1 X Y" (1 ≤ X, Y ≤ N, X ≠ Y) or “2 A B” (1 ≤ A ≤
B ≤ N), as described in the problem statement.

  
OUTPUT  
The output must contain one line for each request of type 2, containing the
reply to the query, either “YES” or “NO”.

Example :

Input :

4 5  
2 2 3  
2 2 4  
1 1 3  
2 3 4  
1 4 3

Output :

YES

YES

NO



#### **Solution**



