---
layout: post
title:  MINVSMIN - Minions v/s Minions
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: MINVSMIN
src: MINVSMIN.cpp
---

### **Statement**

The minions have been recently troubling Gru for buying them bananas . Gru
sets up an N*N bananafield , where the cells that contain bananas are
denoted by b , the cells which contains bombs are denoted by B. Two
pack of minions are allowed to enter the field at a time from entry points
marked in the fields as X and Y. We all know how childish they are and
competitive they can be. Each pack from a position can divide themselves into
four directions – up,down,left,right(they don’t cross the boundaries of the
field ) .They are smart enough to avoid the bombs. Whichever minion pack
reaches a cell first gets to keep the banana , but if both packs reach a cell
at the same time they smash the banana and do not allow each other to move
ahead from that point .However , if member of the same pack meet at a cell
they reunite and move ahead on their hunt for bananas. Remember though Gru has
strictly asked them not to travel through already visited cells because of the
dropped off banana peels ( They can be messy at times too !)  
  
Gru has to figure out which pack acquired more bananas . Gru dozes off in the
middle of the banana battle .Please help him to declare the winner – Pack 1 or
Pack 2.  
  
PS:You can assume each pack contains infinite number of minions , so the pack
never runs out of individuals while dividing themselves in the four
directions.

### Input

The first line contains number of test cases T. Following test case
description contains N and N*N bananafield’s description.

1<=T<=30

1<=N<=1000

### Output

You need to print “ Pack 1 ” if Pack 1 wins and “ Pack 2 ” if Pack 2
wins and “ Gru gets to keep all bananas! ” if there is a draw.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
     2  
    3  
    bXb  
    bBb  
    YBb  
    5  
    BBBBB  
    XbbbY  
    BBBBB  
    Bbbbb  
    bbbbb
    
    Output:
     Pack 1  
    Gru gets to keep all bananas! 



#### **Solution**



