---
layout: post
title:  CLOSEST - Closest Triplet
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: CLOSEST
src: CLOSEST.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Closest pair is an old problem that asks to find, given a set of N points in
the plane,  
the pair that minimizes the distance between them. This problem can easily be
solved  
using roughly N 2 operations by testing all possible pairs of points and
keeping at each  
step the optimal pair. With a more clever approach, the problem has been
solved using  
∼ N log N operations.  
Closest triplet is an analogous problem which also takes a set of N points as
input, and  
asks for the triplet (group of three points) that minimizes the sum of the
three distances  
between each pair of them. In this case there is also a trivial solution that
tests all possible  
triplets using roughly N<sup>3</sup> operations. However, since you are a
clever programmer, we  
are confident that you are able to find a better algorithm.

### Input

The input contains several test cases, each one described in several lines.
The first line  
contains an integer N indicating the number of points in the set (3 ≤ N ≤
3000). Each  
of the next N lines describes a different point of the set using two integers
X and Y  
separated by a single space (1 ≤ X, Y ≤ 10<sup>6</sup> ); these values
represent the coordinates of  
the point in the XY plane. You may assume that within each test case no two
points  
have the same location. The last line of the input contains a single −1 and
should not  
be processed as a test case.

### Output

For each test case output a single line with a real number representing the
sum of the  
distances between each pair of points of any closest triplet of the set of
points. Round  
the result to the closest rational number with three decimal places. In case
of ties, round  
up. Always use exactly three digits after the decimal point, even if it means
finishing  
with a zero.

### Example

    
    
    Input:  
     4  
    1 1  
    4 1  
    1 5  
    1000 1000  
    9  
    100000 200000  
    200000 200000  
    150000 286603  
    60000 140000  
    240000 140000  
    150000 340000  
    1 340000  
    300000 340000  
    150000 87087  
    -1  
      
     Output:
    12.000  
     300000.796



#### **Solution**



