---
layout: post
title:  DNA - DNA Translation
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: DNA
src: DNA.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) is composed of a sequence of nucleotide bases
paired together to form a double-stranded helix structure. Through a series of
complex biochemical processes the nucleotide sequences in an organism's DNA
are translated into the proteins it requires for life. The object of this
problem is to write a computer program which accepts a DNA strand and reports
the protein generated, if any, from the DNA strand.

The nucleotide bases from which DNA is built are adenine, cytosine, guanine,
and thymine (hereafter referred to as A, C, G, and T, respectively). These
bases bond together in a chain to form half of a DNA strand. The other half of
the DNA strand is a similar chain, but each nucleotide is replaced by its
complementary base. The bases A and T are complementary, as are the bases C
and G. These two "half-strands" of DNA are then bonded by the pairing of the
complementary bases to form a strand of DNA.

Typically a DNA strand is listed by simply writing down the bases which form
the primary strand (the complementary strand can always be created by writing
the complements of the bases in the primary strand). For example, the sequence
TACTCGTAATTCACT represents a DNA strand whose complement would be
ATGAGCATTAAGTGA. Note that A is always paired with T, and C is always paired
with G.

From a primary strand of DNA, a strand of ribonucleic acid (RNA) known as
messenger RNA (mRNA for short) is produced in a process known as
transcription. The transcribed mRNA is identical to the complementary DNA
strand with the exception that thymine is replaced by a nucleotide known as
uracil (hereafter referred to as U). For example, the mRNA strand for the DNA
in the previous paragraph would be AUGAGCAUUAAGUGA.

It is the sequence of bases in the mRNA which determines the protein that will
be synthesized. The bases in the mRNA can be viewed as a collection of codons,
each codon having exactly three bases. The codon AUG marks the start of a
protein sequence, and any of the codons UAA, UAG, or UGA marks the end of the
sequence. The one or more codons between the start and termination codons
represent the sequence of amino acids to be synthesized to form a protein. For
example, the mRNA codon AGC corresponds to the amino acid serine (Ser), AUU
corresponds to isoleucine (Ile), and AAG corresponds to lysine (Lys). So, the
protein formed from the example mRNA in the previous paragraph is, in its
abbreviated form, Ser-Ile-Lys.

The complete genetic code from which codons are translated into amino acids is
shown in the table below (note that only the amino acid abbreviations are
shown). It should also be noted that the sequence AUG, which has already been
identified as the start sequence, can also correspond to the amino acid
methionine (Met). So, the first AUG in a mRNA strand is the start sequence,
but subsequent AUG codons are translated normally into the Met amino acid.

_First base in codon_ | _Second base in codon_ | _Third base in codon_ |
U|  C|  A|  G  
---|---|---|---  
U |  Phe| Ser| Tyr| Cys|  U  
Phe| Ser| Tyr| Cys|  C  
Leu| Ser| \---| \---|  A  
Leu| Ser| \---| Trp|  G  
C |  Leu| Pro| His| Arg|  U  
Leu| Pro| His| Arg|  C  
Leu| Pro| Gln| Arg|  A  
Leu| Pro| Gln| Arg|  G  
A |  Ile| Thr| Asn| Ser|  U  
Ile| Thr| Asn| Ser|  C  
Ile| Thr| Lys| Arg|  A  
Met| Thr| Lys| Arg|  G  
G |  Val| Ala| Asp| Gly|  U  
Val| Ala| Asp| Gly|  C  
Val| Ala| Glu| Gly|  A  
Val| Ala| Glu| Gly|  G  
  
The input for this program consists of strands of DNA sequences, one strand
per line, from which the protein it generates, if any, should be determined
and output. The given DNA strand may be either the primary or the
complementary DNA strand, and it may appear in either forward or reverse
order, and the start and termination sequences do not necessarily appear at
the ends of the strand. For example, a given input DNA strand to form the
protein Ser-Ile-Lys could be any of ATACTCGTAATTCACTCC, CCTCACTTAATGCTCATA,
TATGAGCATTAAGTGAGG, or GGAGTGAATTACGAGTAT. The input file will be terminated
by a line containing a single asterisk character.

You may assume the input to contain only valid, upper-case, DNA nucleotide
base letters (A, C, G, and T). No input line will exceed 255 characters in
length. There will be no blank lines or spaces in the input. Some sequences,
though valid DNA strands, do not produce valid protein sequences; the string
"* No translatable DNA found *" should be output when an input DNA strand
does not translate into a valid protein.

    
    
    Input:
    
    ATACTCGTAATTCACTCC
    CACCTGTACACAGAGGTAACTTAG
    TTAATACGACATAATTAT
    GCCTTGATATGGAGAACTCATTAGATA
    AAGTGTATGTTGAATTATATAAAACGGGCATGA
    ATGATGATGGCTTGA
    *Output:
    
    Ser-Ile-Lys
    Cys-Leu-His
    Ser-Tyr
    * No translatable DNA found *
    Leu-Asn-Tyr-Ile-Lys-Arg-Ala
    Met-Met-Ala
    



#### **Solution**



