---
layout: post
title:  RRSCHED - Round-Robin Scheduling
categories: ['simulations']
code: RRSCHED
src: RRSCHED.cpp
---

### **Statement**

A computer processor is given N tasks to perform (1 ≤ N ≤ 50,000). The i-th
task requires T<sub>i</sub> seconds of processing time (1 ≤
T<sub>i</sub> ≤ 1,000,000,000). The processor runs the tasks as follows:
each task is run in order, from 1 to N, for 1 second, and then the processor
repeats this again starting from task 1. Once a task has been completed, it
will not be run in later iterations. Determine, for each task, the total
running time elapsed once the task has been completed.

### Input

The first line of the input contains the integer N, and the next N lines
contain the integers T<sub>1</sub> through T<sub>N</sub>.

### Output

Output N lines, the i-th of which contains an integer representing the time
elapsed when task i has been processed.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    5
    8
    1
    3
    3
    8
    
    Output:
    22
    2
    11
    12
    23
    

The second task is completed during the first iteration, finishing 2 seconds
in. On the third iteration, the third and fourth tasks complete at 11 seconds
and 12 seconds, respectively. Finally, on the eighth iteration, the first and
last tasks complete at 22 seconds and 23 seconds, respectively.

Warning: large input/output data.  
_Note: This problem statement is the exclusive and proprietary property of
TopCoder, Inc. Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this information
without the prior written consent of TopCoder, Inc. is strictly prohibited.
(c)2006, TopCoder, Inc. All rights reserved._

(See [this
post](http://forums.topcoder.com/?module=Thread&threadID=608536&start=0&mc=30#956263)
for more information.)



#### **Solution**



