---
layout: post
title:  CHICAGO - 106 miles to Chicago
categories: ['graph']
code: CHICAGO
src: CHICAGO.cpp
---

### **Statement**

In the movie "Blues Brothers", the orphanage where Elwood and Jake were raised
may be sold to the Board of Education if they do not pay 5000 dollars in taxes
at the Cook County Assessor's Office in Chicago. After playing a gig in the
Palace Hotel ballroom to earn these 5000 dollars, they have to find a way to
Chicago. However, this is not so easy as it sounds, since they are chased by
the Police, a country band and a group of Nazis. Moreover, it is 106 miles to
Chicago, it is dark and they are wearing sunglasses.  
As they are on a mission from God, you should help them find the safest way to
Chicago. In this problem, the safest way is considered to be the route which
maximises the probability that they are not caught.

### Input Specification

The input file contains several test cases.  
Each test case starts with two integers _n_ and _m_ ( _2 ≤ n ≤ 100_ , _1 ≤ m ≤
n*(n-1)/2_ ). _n_ is the number of intersections, _m_ is the number of streets
to be considered.  
The next _m_ lines contain the description of the streets. Each street is
described by a line containing 3 integers _a_ , _b_ and _p_ ( _1 ≤ a, b ≤ n_ ,
_a ≠ b_ , 1 ≤ p ≤ 100): _a_ and _b_ are the two end points of the street and
_p_ is the probability in percent that the Blues Brothers will manage to use
this street without being caught. Each street can be used in both directions.
You may assume that there is at most one street between two end points.  
The last test case is followed by a zero.

### Output Specification

For each test case, calculate the probability of the safest path from
intersection _1_ (the Palace Hotel) to intersection _n_ (the Honorable Richard
J. Daley Plaza in Chicago). You can assume that there is at least one path
between intersection _1_ and _n_.  
Print the probability as a percentage with exactly 6 digits after the decimal
point. The percentage value is considered correct if it differs by at most
10<sup>-6</sup> from the judge output. Adhere to the format shown below
and print one line for each test case.

### Sample Input

    
    
    5 7
    5 2 100
    3 5 80
    2 3 70
    2 1 50
    3 4 90
    4 1 85
    3 1 70
    0
    

### Sample Output

    
    
    61.200000 percent
    

 *

_The safest path for the sample input is 1 - > 4 -> 3 -> 5_



#### **Solution**



