---
layout: post
title:  BAD - Badminton Tournament - Easy
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: BAD
src: BAD.cpp
---

### **Statement**

In a badminton tournament, each of n players play all the other n-1 players.
Each game results in either a win, or a loss. The players then write down the
names of those whom they defeated(say list 1), and also of those who
they(players of list 1) defeated. For example, if A beats B and B beats C,
then A writes the names of both B and C.

Consider a game between A,B,C,D,E,F,G where A defeats B and C and B defeats
E,F, C defeats E. Then A's list will have (B,C,E,F), and will not include G.

In a badminton tournament, each of n players play all the other n - 1 players.
Each game results in either a win, or a loss. Players then write down the
names of those whom they defeated(say list 1) and also of those who
they(players of list 1) defeated. For example, if A beats B and B beats C,
then A writes the names of both B and C.

Consider a game between A, B, C, D, E, F, G where A defeats B, C; B defeats E;
C defeats F. Then A's list will have (B, C, E, F) and will not include G.

Note: Say A defeats B, B defeats C and C defeats D. D is not necessarily
present in A's list, a player's list contains players of list1 and players
defeated by those in list1(immediate win).

In this problem, we represent players by integers from 1 to n.(Both inclusive)

### Input

First line of input contains an integer t(number of test cases), each test
case starts with an integer n followed by nc2(i.e n*(n \- 1)/2) lines(results
of all matches) each containing two integers a, b seperated by a space which
means a defeated b.

### Output

Print a line for each test case containing two space seperated integers p, q
where p is the player with maximum possible number of players in his list and
q is that number(maximum possible number of players in a list).  
In case there are many players with maximum number of players in their list,
print minimum of such possibilities of p.

### Constraints

t <= 50, n <= 250, 1 <= a, b <= n

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    
    
    1  
    3  
    1 2  
    2 3  
    3 1
    
    Output:
    
    
    1 2
    
     
    
    My best: 0.53s with PyPy and 1.50s with Python 2.7.9. Good Luck! :)



#### **Solution**



