---
layout: post
title:  MNERED - NERED
categories: ['dynamic-programming']
code: MNERED
src: MNERED.cpp
---

### **Statement**

[English](/problems/MNERED/en/) | [Vietnamese](/problems/MNERED/vn/)  
---|---  
  
In the nearby kindergarten they recently made up an attractive game of
strength and agility that kids love. The surface for the game is a large flat
area divided into N×N squares. The children lay large spongy cues onto the
surface. The sides of the cubes are the same length as the sides of the
squares. When a cube is put on the surface, its sides are aligned with some
square. A cube may be put on another cube too. Kids enjoy building forts and
hiding them, but they always leave behind a huge mess. Because of this, prior
to closing the kindergarten, the teachers rearrange all the cubes so that they
occupy a rectangle on the surface, with exactly one cube on every square in
the rectangle. In one moving, a cube is taken off the top of a square to the
top of any other square.

Write a program that, given the state of the surface, calculates the smallest
number of moves needed to arrange all cubes into a rectangle.

### Input

The first line contains the integers N and M (1 ≤ N ≤ 100, 1 ≤ M ≤ N^2), the
dimensions of the surface and the number of cubes currently on the surface.

Each of the following M lines contains two integers R and C (1 ≤ R, C ≤ N),
the coordinates of the square that contains the cube.

### Output

Output the smallest number of moves. A solution will always exist.

### Sample

    
    
    input  
    4 3  
    2 2  
    4 4  
    1 1  
    output  
    2  
      
    input  
    5 8  
    2 2  
    3 2  
    4 2  
    2 4  
    3 4  
    4 4  
    2 3  
    2 3  
    output  
    3  
      
    In the second example, a cube is moved from (2, 3) to (3, 3), from (4, 2)  
    to (2, 5) and from (4, 4) to (3, 5).  
    



#### **Solution**



