---
layout: post
title:  KOZE - Sheep
categories: ['bfs']
code: KOZE
src: KOZE.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Mirko has a herd of sheep, surrounded by fences backyard. While he was asleep,
wolves have sneaked into the fenced area and attacked the sheep.

Backyard is of a rectangular shape, and consists of fields arranged in rows
and columns.

Character ' . ' (fullstop) represents a blank field.

Character ' # ' represents a fance.

Character ' k ' represents a sheep.

Character ' v ' represents a wolf.

Two fields belong to the same sector if we can move from the field A to
the field B without going over the fence, by making only horizontal
and vertical steps (we cannot move diagonally).

If we can escape from field A from the backyard, that field does not belong to
any sector.

Luckily, Mirko taught his sheep Kung-Fu skills, and they can defend
themselves against wolves only if they outnumber the wolves in that sector.
When there are more sheep in the sector than wolves, all wolves die without
sheep casualties. Otherwise all sheep perish and wolves are unharmed. If a
field doesn't belong in any sector, sheep will flee and wolfs will be left
without a prey, so every animal survives.

Write a program that will determine how many sheep and wolves will survive
this bloody night.

### Input

Integers N and M, number of rows and columns which represent Mirko's backyard.

In every of the N lines, there are M characters representing the appearence of
Mirko's backyard - positions of the fences, wolves and sheep.

### Constraints

3 <= N, M <= 250

### Output

In the first and the only line, print the number of sheep and wolves
that will survive.

### Example

    
    
    Input:  
     8 8    
    .######.    
    #..k...#    
    #.####.#    
    #.#v.#.#    
    #.#.k#k#    
    #k.##..#    
    #.v..v.#    
    .######.
    
    Output:
    3 1
    



#### **Solution**



