---
layout: post
title:  TIP1 - Totient in permutation (easy)
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: TIP1
src: TIP1.cpp
---

### **Statement**

In number theory, Euler's totient (or PHI function), is an arithmetic function
that counts the number of positive integers less than or equal to a positive
integer N that are relatively prime to this number N.

That is, if N is a positive integer, then PHI(N) is the number of integers K
for which GCD(N, K) = 1 and 1 ≤ K ≤ N. We denote GCD the Greatest Common
Divisor. For example, we have PHI(9)=6.

Interestingly, PHI(87109)=79180, and it can be seen that 87109 is a
permutation of 79180.

### Input

The input begins with the number T of test cases in a single line. In each of
the next T lines there are an integer M.

### Output

For each given M, you have to print on a single line the value of N, for which
1 < N < M, PHI(N) is a permutation of N and the ratio N/PHI(N) produces a
minimum. If there's several answers output the greatest, or if need, "No
solution." without quotes. Leading zeros are not allowed for integers greater
than 0.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    3
    22
    222
    2222
    
    Output:
    21
    63
    291
    

Explanations : For the first case, in the range ]1..22[, the lonely number
n for witch phi(n) is in permutations(n) is 21, (we have phi(21)=12). So the
answer is obviously 21. For the second case, in the range ]1..222[, there's
two numbers n for witch phi(n) is in permutations(n), we have phi(21)=12 and
phi(63)=36. But as 63/36 is equal to 21/12, we're taking the greater : 63. For
the third case, in the range ]1..2222[, there's four numbers n for witch
phi(n) is in permutations(n), phi(21)=12, phi(63)=36, phi(291)=192 and
phi(502)=250. Within those solutions 291/192 is the minimum, we output 291.

### Constraints

    
    
    1 < T < 10^5
    1 < M < 10^7
    

Code size limit is 10kB ; less than 500B of python3 code can get AC under 2s.
After that you may try [TIP2](http://www.spoj.com/problems/TIP2/). @Speed
addicts : my C code ran in 0.02s, and my fastest python3.2 code ran in 1.21s,
(0.90s in py2.7)

Edit 2017-02-11, after compiler updates. My old C code ends in 0.00s, my old
Python code ends in 0.05s !!!



#### **Solution**



