---
layout: post
title:  CNEASY - CN Tower (Easy)
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: CNEASY
src: CNEASY.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Christy C. Coder is traveling to Waterloo for a programming competition. On
the way, she stops in Toronto to do some sightseeing. The unfortunate thing
about travelling is that everyone back home expects her to bring back pictures
of everything. Christy hates taking pictures: it makes her look like such a
tourist! Fortunately, Christy has a plan to make her picture-taking quite
painless.

At 553 m tall, CN Tower is the world's tallest free-standing building. 351 m
up the tower is the "360" rotating restaurant, which rotates a full 360
degrees every 72 minutes. From there, Christy can see the whole city, and take
close-up pictures of all the landmarks using her fancy new 100x optical zoom
camera. Since the restaurant itself rotates, she only needs to stand in one
place to take pictures in all directions.

The waiters insist that she order something or leave, and Christy is not
interested in any of the items on the menu. Therefore, she must act quickly
before she gets kicked out. Given the locations of the landmarks of which
Christy wants to take a picture, your task is to determine the minimum amount
of time that she must spend in the restaurant in order for it to rotate enough
to bring all the landmarks in view. Assume that Christy always points her
camera exactly perpendicular to the window to minimize distortion due to the
glass. Note that multiple landmarks may occupy the same (angular) position,
and these landmarks would only require one photograph to capture them.

Since the restaurant staff only realize she is a tourist once she starts
taking pictures, we begin measuring the time required once she takes her first
picture. Therefore, Christy can move to any position in the restaurant without
hassle from the restaurant staff and begin taking pictures from there.

### Input

The first line of input consists of the number of test cases. For each test
case, the first line is an integer _n_ (2 ≤ _n_ ≤ 1000), the number of
landmarks Christy wants to photograph. Each of the following _n_ lines specify
a landmark. Each landmark specification consists of the landmark name (a
string of uppercase and lowercase letters of length at most 40 characters), a
space, and the compass angle _d_ , in degrees, to the landmark from the CN
Tower (0 = north, 90 = east, 180 = south, 270 = west). Note that _d_ is a real
number which satisfies 0 ≤ _d_ < 360, with _d_ specified to the hundredth of a
degree (i.e., at most two decimal places).

### Output

For each test case, output a single integer, the minimum number of seconds
that Christy must remain in the restaurant. If the time is not an integer
number of seconds, round it up to the nearest second (i.e., take the ceiling
of the number).

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    1
    5
    CasaLoma 231.0
    OntarioParliament 123.0
    SkyDome 75.0
    RoyalYorkHotel 340.0
    PearsonAirport 165.0
    
    Output:
    3012



#### **Solution**



