---
layout: post
title:  VDATE - Flirtatious Verma
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: VDATE
src: VDATE.c
---

### **Statement**

Harsh Verma is a college guy who likes to date a lot of girls. He has got
great flirting skills and he managed to convince a lot of girls to go out with
him. He knows X dating locations in his city. He wanted to date all the girls
so he started assigning each of them some dating locations. He treated all
girls equal so he gave each of them equal number of dating locations. He
wanted to spend maximum possible time with each girl so he tried to maximise
the number of dating locations given to each girl. Also, no two girls got
the same dating location.

After the distribution, he was left with Y dating locations. But
unfortunately, he was too excited and he forgot to count the number of girls
he had already assigned the dating locations ![Tongue
out](../../../gfx/jscripts/tiny_mce/plugins/emotions/img/smiley-tongue-
out.gif) . This was a difficult situation for him but Aditya (Sciencepal) came
to his rescue. He gave him a list of possible number of girls to him which
would help him to figure out the actual number of girls. Your task is to write
a program to find the total count of possible number of girls i.e. the number
of entries in the list prepared by Sciencepal.

_If there are infinite possiblities, print -1. If there is no solution,
print 0._

###  Input

First line will contain an integer T i.e. the number of test cases.  (1 ≤
 T  ≤ 50)

Next T lines will contain two integers X and Y.  (0 ≤ X ≤ 1000000000,
0 ≤ Y ≤ 1000000000)

### Output

For each test case, print a single integer denoting the count of possible
number of girls.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    
    
     1  
    14 2
    
    
    Output:
    4

###  Explanation

If X = 14 and Y = 2 then the possible number of girls are 3, 4, 6 and 12.



#### **Solution**



