---
layout: post
title:  MAY99_4 - Rachu 
categories: ['dynamic-programming']
code: MAY99_4
src: MAY99_4.py
---

### **Statement**

Rachu is very happy today beacause its his birthday :D and he has a bday party
at home with 'r' friends.

He went to market to purchase something to eat .(He is really fond of eating
:P ).

At the shop he found muffins at a very reasonable price (ohh!! he loves
muffins ;) ).

He bought 'n' muffins from the shop.

After reaching home he is wondering that in how many ways he can distribute
these muffins between his friends .

He shouldn't be rash so he would give atleast 1 muffin to each friend.

For rest of the muffins left he can distribute it in any manner. He is still
wondering the no. of ways in which he can distribute these muffins.

Help him out by writing a code which calculates the no. of ways the muffins
could be distributed and print "-1" (quotes for clarity) if its impossible for
him to distribute the muffins.  
  
Consider each muffin as similar. The no. of ways could go very large so output
the reult after taking a mod with 10000007 .

### Input

The input consists of 2 integers :  
n : The no. of muffins  
r : The no. of friends

### Output

The required answer modulo 10000007

### Constraints

1<= n,r <= 100

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    2 1
    
    Output:
    1  
    
    
    
     Input:
    4 2
    
    Output:
      
     3

### Explanation

In 1st case he has 2 muffins and called only 1 friend so he gave both the
muffins to him .

In 2nd case he 1st give 1 muffin each to both.  
Then he can give 0 muffin to 1st friend and 2 to the 2nd or 1 muffin to each
or 2 muffins to 1st friend and 0 to the 2nd.



#### **Solution**



