---
layout: post
title:  LABYR1 - Labyrinth
categories: ['dfs']
code: LABYR1
src: LABYR1.cpp
---

### **Statement**

The northern part of the Pyramid contains a very large and complicated
labyrinth. The labyrinth is divided into square blocks, each of them either
filled by rock, or free. There is also a little hook on the floor in the
center of every free block. The ACM have found that two of the hooks must be
connected by a rope that runs through the hooks in every block on the path
between the connected ones. When the rope is fastened, a secret door opens.
The problem is that we do not know which hooks to connect. That means also
that the neccessary length of the rope is unknown. Your task is to determine
the maximum length of the rope we could need for a given labyrinth.

### Input

The input consists of T test cases. The number of them (T) is given on the
first line of the input file. Each test case begins with a line containing two
integers C and R (3 <= C,R <= 1000) indicating the number of columns and rows.
Then exactly R lines follow, each containing C characters. These characters
specify the labyrinth. Each of them is either a hash mark (`#`) or a period
(`.`). Hash marks represent rocks, periods are free blocks. It is possible to
walk between neighbouring blocks only, where neighbouring blocks are blocks
sharing a common side. We cannot walk diagonally and we cannot step out of the
labyrinth.

The labyrinth is designed in such a way that there is exactly one path between
any two free blocks. Consequently, if we find the proper hooks to connect, it
is easy to find the right path connecting them.

### Output

Your program must print exactly one line of output for each test case. The
line must contain the sentence "`Maximum rope length is X.`" where Xis the
length of the longest path between any two free blocks, measured in blocks.

### Example

    
    
    Sample Input:
    2
    3 3
    ###
    #.#
    ###
    7 6
    #######
    #.#.###
    #.#.###
    #.#.#.#
    #.....#
    #######
    
    Sample output:
    Maximum rope length is 0.
    Maximum rope length is 8.

Warning: large Input/Output data, be careful with certain languages



#### **Solution**



