---
layout: post
title:  BDOI16D - One Punch Man
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: BDOI16D
src: BDOI16D.cpp
---

### **Statement**

# One Punch Man

Saitama is the most powerful hero alive. Having apparently trained himself to
superhuman conditions, Saitama faces a self-imposed existential crisis, as he
is now too powerful to gain any thrill from his heroic deeds. Every monster he
faces, is killed with only one of his punch.

There are _N_  groups of monsters on a line , _i_ th of them is
positioned at distance _X_ <sub> _ i_ </sub>  from the
beginning of that line and has _V_ <sub> _ i_ </sub>  members.
When Saitama punches the ground at _P_ , all monsters within _R_
vicinity of that punch ( meaning from _P-R_ to _P+R_ both inclusive )
are killed by the shockwave . Saitama is tired after all his hero duties. So
he will punch atmost _K_ times. Can you help him figure out , what is the
maximum number of monsters he can kill.

Input:

The first line contains number of test case _T_. Then _T_ 
testcases follow. First line of each test case contains three integers _N_
, _ R and k_. Following _N_ lines contains two space separated
intergers _X_ <sub> _ i_ </sub>  and _V_ <sub> _ i_
</sub>.

Limits:

_T_ ≤ 10  
1 ≤ _N_ ≤ 10 <sup>5</sup>  
1 ≤ _V_ <sub> _i_ </sub> ≤ 10<sup>4</sup>

1 ≤ _K_ ≤ 50

For Easy Version:  
0 ≤ _R,X_ <sub> _i_ </sub> ≤ 10<sup>4</sup>

For Hard Version:  
0 ≤ _R,X_ <sub> _i_ </sub> ≤ 10<sup>8</sup>

Output:

For each test case, print a line "Case t: m" where t is the test case number
and m is the the maximum number of monsters Saitama can kill.

Input

|

Output  
  
---|---  
  
2

4 3 1

6 10

12 110

19 100

24 30

5 3 2

3 3

5 2

3 8

10 5

0 5

|

Case 1: 130

Case 2: 23  
  
Explanation of sample input:

In sample 1, Saitama can punch at position 21 or 22 to kill 130 monsters. If
he punches at position 21 then the shockwave ranges from 18 to 24, killing
monsters at 19 and 24. Similarly if he punches at 22 then then shockwave will
kill from 19 to 25. Punch at no other position will kill more monsters.

In Sample 2 , Saitama can kill all monsters with 2 punches.

  
  
Problem Setter: Moinul Shaon



#### **Solution**



