---
layout: post
title:  TAP2013G - War
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: TAP2013G
src: TAP2013G.cpp
---

### **Statement**

_[The original version of this problem (in Spanish) can be found
at<http://www.dc.uba.ar/events/icpc/download/problems/tap2013-problems.pdf>]_

War, an event worthy only of appearance in literature, movies or perhaps
programming contests, has reached the Nlogonian empire, which is facing the
neighboring empire of Quadradonia.

War protocols agreed upon by both parties indicate that the war will be waged
in successive battles, in each of which a different soldier from each empire
will face one another, so that each soldier will take part in exactly one
battle. The empire that wins more battles will then win the war.

Each empire has an army formed by S soldiers, and each soldier has a
certain combat skill. In each battle between two soldiers, the one with
greatest combat skill wins the battle. If both soldiers have the same combat
skills, the battle is declared a draw and technically no side claims victory.
The spies of Nlogonia have intercepted secret information concerning the
combat skill of each soldier of Quadradonia's army, so Nlogonia's queen
requires your assistance in order to calculate the maximum number of battles
that can be won during the war if her soldiers are sent in the appropriate
order.

### Input

The first line contains an integer number S representing the number of
soldiers in each army ( 1 ≤ S ≤ 10<sup>5</sup> ). The second
line contains S integer numbers Q<sub>i</sub> representing the
combat skills of the different soldiers of Quadradonia's army, in the order in
which the battles shall take place ( 1 ≤ Q<sub>i</sub> ≤
10<sup>9</sup> for i = 1, ..., S ). The third line contains S
integer numbers N<sub>i</sub> representing the combat skills of the
different soldiers in Nlogonia's army, in an arbitrary order ( 1 ≤
N<sub>i</sub> ≤ 10<sup>9</sup> for i = 1, ..., S ).

### Output

Print a line containing a single integer number representing the maximum
number of battles that Nlogonia can win during the war.

### Example 1

    
    
    Input:
     3
    2 1 1000000000
    1 1 2
    
    Output:
     1

### Example 2

    
    
    Input:
     4
    6 3 1 4
    2 7 4 3
    
    Output:
     3
    



#### **Solution**



