---
layout: post
title:  BOOKS1 - Copying Books
categories: ['binary-search']
code: BOOKS1
src: BOOKS1.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Before the invention of book-printing, it was very hard to make a copy of a
book. All the contents had to be re-written by hand by so called _scribers_.
The scriber had been given a book and after several months he finished its
copy. One of the most famous scribers lived in the 15th century and his name
was Xaverius Endricus Remius Ontius Xendrianus ( _Xerox_ ). Anyway, the work
was very annoying and boring. And the only way to speed it up was to hire more
scribers.

Once upon a time, there was a theater ensemble that wanted to play famous
Antique Tragedies. The scripts of these plays were divided into many books and
actors needed more copies of them, of course. So they hired many scribers to
make copies of these books. Imagine you have m books (numbered 1, 2 ... m)
that may have different number of pages (p<sub>1</sub>, p<sub>2</sub>
... p<sub>m</sub>) and you want to make one copy of each of them. Your
task is to divide these books among k scribes, k <= m. Each book can be
assigned to a single scriber only, and every scriber must get a continuous
sequence of books. That means, there exists an increasing succession of
numbers 0 = b<sub>0</sub> < b<sub>1</sub> < b<sub>2</sub>, ... <
b<sub>k-1</sub> <= b<sub>k</sub> = m such that i-th scriber gets a
sequence of books with numbers between b<sub>i-1</sub>+1 and
b<sub>i</sub>. The time needed to make a copy of all the books is
determined by the scriber who was assigned the most work. Therefore, our goal
is to minimize the maximum number of pages assigned to a single scriber. Your
task is to find the optimal assignment.

### Input

The input consists of N cases (equal to about 200). The first line of the
input contains only positive integer N. Then follow the cases. Each case
consists of exactly two lines. At the first line, there are two integers m and
k, 1 <= k <= m <= 500. At the second line, there are integers
p<sub>1</sub>, p<sub>2</sub>, ... p<sub>m</sub> separated by
spaces. All these values are positive and less than 10000000.

### Output

For each case, print exactly one line. The line must contain the input
succession p<sub>1</sub>, p<sub>2</sub>, ... p<sub>m</sub> divided
into exactly k parts such that the maximum sum of a single part should be as
small as possible. Use the slash character ('`/`') to separate the parts.
There must be exactly one space character between any two successive numbers
and between the number and the slash.

If there is more than one solution, print the one that minimizes the work
assigned to the first scriber, then to the second scriber etc. But each
scriber must be assigned at least one book.

### Example

    
    
    Sample input:
    2
    9 3
    100 200 300 400 500 600 700 800 900
    5 4
    100 100 100 100 100
    
    Sample output:
    100 200 300 400 500 / 600 700 / 800 900
    100 / 100 / 100 / 100 100



#### **Solution**



