---
layout: post
title:  EMPTY - Empty Cuboids
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: EMPTY
src: EMPTY.cpp
---

### **Statement**

We call a cuboid regular if:

  * one of its vertices is a point with coordinates (0,0,0), 
  * edges beginning in this vertex lie on the positive semi-axes of the coordinate system, 
  * the edges are not longer than 10<sup>6</sup> 

There is given a set A of points of space, whose coordinates are integers
from the interval [1..10<sup>6</sup>]. We try to find a regular cuboid of
maximal volume which does not contain any of the points from the set A. A
point belongs to the cuboid if it belongs to the interior of the cuboid, i.e.
it is a point of the cuboid, but not of its wall.

### Task

Write a program which:

  * reads from the standard input the coordinates of points from the set A , 
  * finds one of the regular cuboids of maximal volume which does not contain any points from the set A , 
  * writes the result to standard output. 

### Input

Input begins with a line containing integer t<=10, the number of test cases. t
test cases follow.

In the first line of each test case one non-negative integer _n_ is written (
_n_ <= _5000_ ). It is the number of elements in the set A. In the
following _n_ lines of the input there are triples of integers from the
interval [1..10<sup>6</sup>], which are the X, Y and Z coordinates of
points from A , repectively. Numbers in each line are separated by single
spaces.

### Output

For each test case there should be three integers separated by single spaces.
These are the X, Y and Z coordinates (respectively) of the vertex of the
regular cuboid of maximal volume. If there is more than one such a cuboid,
choose whichever. We require that all coordinates be positive.

### Example

    
    
    Sample input:
    1
    4
    3 3 300000
    2 200000 5
    90000 3 2000
    2 2 1000
    
    Sample output:
    1000000 200000 1000
    



#### **Solution**



