---
layout: post
title:  LSORT - Sorting is not easy
categories: ['dynamic-programming', 'bitmasks']
code: LSORT
src: LSORT.cpp
---

### **Statement**

An N-element permutation is an N-element sequence of distinct numbers from the
set {1, 2, ...,n}. For example the sequence 2,1,4,5,3 is a 5-element
permutation. P is an N-element permutation. Your task is to sort P in
ascending order. But because it is very simple, I have a new rule for you. You
have two sequences P and Q. P is an N-element permutation and Q is initially
empty and formed by sorting P (i.e. finally Q = 1, 2, 3,... , N). You have to
implement N steps to sort P. In the i-th step, P has N-i+1 remaining elements,
Q has i-1 elements and you have to choose some x-th element (from the N-i+1
available elements) of P and put it to the left or to the right of Q. The cost
of this step is equal to _x * i_. The total cost is the sum of costs of
individual steps. After N steps, Q must be an ascending sequence. Your task is
to minimize the total cost.

### Input

The first line of the input file is T (T ≤ 10), the number of test cases. Then
descriptions of T test cases follow. The description of each test case
consists of two lines. The first line contains a single integer N (1 ≤ N ≤
1000). The second line contains N distinct integers from the set {1, 2, ..,
N}, the N-element permutation P.

### Output

For each test case your program should write one line, containing a single
integer - the minimum total cost of sorting.

### Example

N = 4  
P = {4,1,3,2}  
Step 1, Choose 3-rd, P={4,1,2}, Q={3} , Cost=3  
Step 2, Choose 1-st, P={1,2}, Q={3,4} , Cost=2  
Step 3, Choose 2-nd, P={1}, Q={2,3,4} , Cost=6  
Step 4, Choose 1-st, P={}, Q={1,2,3,4}, Cost=4  
The total cost is 15.  
Another way to sort:  
Step 1, Choose 4-th, P={4,1,3}, Q={2} , Cost=4  
Step 2, Choose 2-nd, P={4,3}, Q={1,2} , Cost=4  
Step 3, Choose 2-nd, P={4}, Q={1,2,3} , Cost=6  
Step 4, Choose 1-st, P={}, Q={1,2,3,4}, Cost=4  
The total cost is 18.  

    
    
    Input:
    1
    4
    4 1 3 2
      
    
    Output:
    15
    



#### **Solution**



