---
layout: post
title:  MEDIAN3 - The Famous ICPC Team Again
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: MEDIAN3
src: MEDIAN3.cpp
---

### **Statement**

When Mr. B, Mr. G and Mr. M were preparing for the 2012 ACM-ICPC World Final
Contest, Mr. B had collected a large set of contest problems for their daily
training. When they decided to take training, Mr. B would choose one of them
from the problem set. All the problems in the problem set had been sorted by
their time of publish. Each time Prof. S, their coach, would tell them to
choose one problem within a particular publish time interval. That is to say,
if problems had been sorted in a line, each time they will choose one of them
from a specified segment of the line.

Moreover, when collecting the problems, Mr. B had also known an estimation of
the difficulty of each problem. When he was asked to choose a problem, if he
chose the easiest one, Mr. G would complain that “Hey, what a trivial
problem!”; if he chose the hardest one, Mr. M would grumble that it took too
much time to finish it. For addressing this dilemma, Mr. B decided to take the
one with the medium difficulty. Therefore he needed a way to know the median
number in the given interval of the sequence.

### Input

For each test case, the first line contains a single integer n (1  <=
n <= 100,000) indicating the total number of problems. The second line
contains n integers x<sub>i</sub> (0  <= x<sub>i</sub> <=
1,000,000,000), separated by single space, denoting the difficulties of each
problem, already sorted by publish time. The next line is a single integer
m (1  <= m <= 100,000), specifying number of queries. Then m lines
follow, each line contains a pair of integers, A and B (1  <= A <=
B <= n ), denoting that Mr. B needed to choose a problem between
positions A and B (inclusively, positions are counted from 1). It is
guaranteed that the number of items between A and B is odd.

### Output

For each query, output a single line containing an integer which denotes the
difficulty of the problem that Mr. B should choose.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    5
    5 3 2 4 1
    3
    1 3
    2 4
    3 5
    5
    10 6 4 8 2
    3
    1 3
    2 4
    3 5
    
    Output:
    Case 1:
    3
    3
    2
    Case 2:
    6
    6
    4
    



#### **Solution**



