---
layout: post
title:  UCV2013H - Slick
categories: ['bfs']
code: UCV2013H
src: UCV2013H.cpp
---

### **Statement**

A maritime accident has caused oil to spill onto the seas of Felipistonia,
which is a major natural disaster. The Felipistonia's government wants to
clean up this mess before more damage occurs. To do this, they first have to
know how serious was the accident and the amount of oil that has been spilled
into the sea. The only instrument the Felipistonia's government has to get
information of the magnitude of this disaster, is the use of satellite images.
With these images they can estimate how much money they have to spend to clean
this mess. For this, the number of slicks in the seas and the size of each
slick must be know. A slick is a patch of oil floating on water.
Unfortunately, the Felipistonia's people are not very bright, so they have
hired you to help them process the image.

An example of an image obtained by the satellites is shown in Figure 1(a).
This image can be transformed to 0's and 1's as seen in Figure 1(b). Given
this binary matrix, your job is to count the number of slicks in the ocean and
their corresponding size. Two adjacent pixels in the image are considered to
be in the same slick if they are in the same row or the same column.

![\(a\) A satellite image of the spilled oil. \(b\) The representation of the
image in a binary matrix](../../../content/henu:ucv2013H)

Figure 1: (a) A satellite image of the spilled oil. (b) The representation of
the image in a binary matrix

### Input

The input contains several test cases, each one corresponding to a different
satellite image. The first line of each case contains two integers that
indicate the number of rows (N) and columns (M) in the image (1 <= N, M <=
250). Then N lines follows with M integers each, containing the information of
the image.

The end of input is indicated by a test case with N = M = 0. This case should
not be processed.

### Output

For each image, output the number of slicks in the sea. Additionally, output
the size of each slick in ascending order and the number of slicks of that
size.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    10 10
    1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
    1 1 1 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
    1 1 1 0 0 0 0 1 1 1
    1 1 0 0 1 0 0 1 1 1
    1 0 1 0 0 1 1 0 0 0
    0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
    0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
    1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
    0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
    1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1
    0 0
    
    Output:
    7
    1 2
    2 1
    6 1
    10 2
    20 1



#### **Solution**



