---
layout: post
title:  DBALLZ - Help the Heroes
categories: ['dynamic-programming']
code: DBALLZ
src: DBALLZ.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Our heroes Vegeta and Goku are fighting against the evil MajinBuu. Goku
planned to hit MajinBuu with the spirit-bomb which is a bomb that contains
pure energy such that no evil hearted enemy can withstand the impact.
Unfortunately Goku needs some time to collect pure energy from all the living
things in the universe. So Vegeta is going to distract MajinBuu so that Goku
will get his time to concentrate on getting pure energy from the whole
universe. Let's call this as the " Distraction time ".

MajinBuu has this ability to regain its shape once it has been blast into
pieces. Vegeta is ready to sacrifice his life by fighting with MajinBuu. You
are provided with the total energy of Vegeta, the list of energy blasts that
Vegeta can perform in his life time and list of numbers which represents the
'time' to regain MajinBuu's shape corresponding to the energy blast of Vegeta.
This list of 'time' is the duration of distraction in which Goku can gather
energy from the whole universe. It's better if it's more. Your task is to find
out the maximum distraction time.

### Input

The first line contains the total no. of test cases T<=50

The second line contains E<10^6 (energy of Vegeta) and L<=1000 (length of the
energy list)

Following lines contains two lists of integers, first, the energy list and
then the corresponding time span list

### Output

Print the maximum time of distraction gained for each test cases.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    
    
     1
    
    100 4
    
    20 30 40 60
    
    2 4 5 6
    
    Output:
    
    13
    
    
    Note:
    
    
    
    
    
    VEGETA CAN'T FIGHT ONCE HE HAS LOST HIS WHOLE ENERGY. THAT IS,
    
    
    HIS ENERGY CAN'T BECOME LESS THAN ZERO.

Unless the value of the blast is greater than Vegeta's energy, he can use a
blast more 

    
    
    than once.  
    
    



#### **Solution**



