---
layout: post
title:  GCPC11J - Time to live
categories: ['shortest-path', 'dfs']
code: GCPC11J
src: GCPC11J.cpp
---

### **Statement**

As you might know, most computer networks are organized in a tree-like
fashion, i.e. each computer is reachable by each other computer but only over
one, unique path.

The so-called _Time to live_ (TTL) specifies after how many hops a network
packet is dropped if it has not reached its destination yet. The purpose of
the TTL is to avoid situations in which a packet circulates through the
network caused by errors in the routing tables.

The placement of a router that connects the network to another network is
optimal when the maximal needed TTL for packets that are sent from this router
to any other computer within the same network is minimal. Given a network as
specified above, you should calculate the maximal needed TTL in this network
if you can select the computer that should be used as router.

### Input

The first line of the input consists of the number of test cases _c_ that
follow ( _1 ≤ c ≤ 100_ ). Each test case starts with a line specifying _N_ ,
the number of computers in this network ( _1 < N ≤ 10<sup>5</sup>_).
Computers are numbered from _0_ to _N-1_. Then follow _N-1_ lines, each
specifying a network connection by two numbers _a_ and _b_ which means that
computer _a_ is connected to computer _b_ and vice versa, of course ( _0 ≤ a,b
< N_).

### Output

For each test case in the input, print one line containing the optimal TTL as
specified above.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    3
    2
    1 0
    5
    3 2
    2 1
    0 2
    2 4
    9
    3 1
    6 5
    3 4
    0 3
    8 1
    1 7
    1 6
    2 3
    
    Output:
    1
    1
    2
    



#### **Solution**



