---
layout: post
title:  ROADS - Roads
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: ROADS
src: ROADS.cpp
---

### **Statement**

[English](/problems/ROADS/en/) | [Vietnamese](/problems/ROADS/vn/)  
---|---  
  
N cities named with numbers 1 ... N are connected with one-way roads. Each
road has two parameters associated with it: the road length and the toll that
needs to be paid for the road (expressed in the number of coins). Bob and
Alice used to live in the city 1. After noticing that Alice was cheating in
the card game they liked to play, Bob broke up with her and decided to move
away - to the city N. He wants to get there as quickly as possible, but he is
short on cash. We want to help Bob to find the shortest path from the city 1
to the city N that he can afford with the amount of money he has.

### Input

The input begins with the number t of test cases. Then t test cases follow.
The first line of the each test case contains the integer K, 0 <= K <= 10000,
maximum number of coins that Bob can spend on his way. The second line
contains the integer N, 2 <= N <= 100, the total number of cities. The third
line contains the integer R, 1 <= R <= 10000, the total number of roads. Each
of the following R lines describes one road by specifying integers S, D, L and
T separated by single blank characters : S is the source city, 1 <= S <= N D
is the destination city, 1 <= D <= N L is the road length, 1 <= L <= 100. T is
the toll (expressed in the number of coins), 0 <= T <= 100 Notice that
different roads may have the same source and destination cities.

### Output

For each test case, output a single line contain the total length of the
shortest path from the city 1 to the city N whose total toll is less than or
equal K coins. If such path does not exist, output -1.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    2
    5
    6
    7
    1 2 2 3
    2 4 3 3
    3 4 2 4
    1 3 4 1
    4 6 2 1
    3 5 2 0
    5 4 3 2
    0
    4
    4
    1 4 5 2
    1 2 1 0
    2 3 1 1
    3 4 1 0
    
    Output:
    11
    -1
    



#### **Solution**



