---
layout: post
title:  ROADNET - Road net
categories: ['graph', 'ad-hoc-1']
code: ROADNET
src: ROADNET.cpp
---

### **Statement**

A diskette was enclosed to a road map. The diskette contains the table of the
shortest ways (distances) between each pair of towns on the map. All the roads
are two-way. The location of towns on the map has the following interesting
property: _if the length of the shortest way from town A to town B equals the
sum of the lengths of the shortest ways from A to C and C to B then town C
lies on (certain) shortest way from A to B_. We say that towns A and B are
neighbouring towns if there is no town C such that the length of the shortest
way from A to B equals the sum of the lengths of the shortest ways from A to C
and C to B. Find all the pairs of neighbouring towns.

### Example

For the table of distances:

| A| B| C  
---|---|---|---  
A| 0| 1| 2  
B| 1| 0| 3  
C| 2| 3| 0  
  
the neighbouring towns are A, B and A, C.

### Task

Write a program that for each test case:

  * reads the table of distances from standard input; 
  * finds all the pairs of neighbouring towns; 
  * writes the result to standard output. 

### Input

The number of test cases _t_ is in the first line of input, then _t_ test
cases follow separated by an empty line.

In the first line of each test case there is an integer _n_ , 1 <= _n_ <= 200,
which equals the number of towns on the map. Towns are numbered from 1 to _n_.

The table of distances is written in the following _n_ lines. In the ( _i_
+1)-th line, 1 <= _i_ <= _n_ , there are _n_ non-negative integers not greater
than 200, separated by single spaces. The _j_ -th integer is the distance
between towns _i_ and _j_.

### Output

For each test case your program should write all the pairs of the neighbouring
towns (i.e. their numbers). There should be one pair in each line. Each pair
can appear only once. The numbers in each pair should be given in increasing
order. Pairs should be ordered so that if the pair ( _a_ , _b_ ) precedes the
pair ( _c_ , _d_ ) then _a_ < _c_ or ( _a_ = _c_ and _b_ < _d_ ).

Consequent test cases should by separated by an empty line.

### Example

    
    
    Sample input:
    1
    3
    0 1 2
    1 0 3
    2 3 0
    
    Sample output:
    1 2
    1 3
    



#### **Solution**



