---
layout: post
title:  KDOMINO - K-dominant array
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: KDOMINO
src: KDOMINO.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Professor Mahammad was sitting in his garden when an apple fell on his head,
and in a stroke of brilliant insight, he suddenly came up with _K-dominant
notation_. An array with length _L_ is called _K-dominant_ , if and only if
there is at least one element _x_ lying in the array for which occurence(x)
* K >= L. After analyzing several arrays with this property, professor now,
made up a new problem for you. Your task is simple, there are given an array
of length N and several queries. For each of the queries, you just need to
check whether _the subarray [l, r] is k-dominant or not_.

### Input

The first line of the input contains two positive integers N and Q ,
the number of elements of the array and the mean, respectively. ( N, Q ≤
200000 ).

The following line contains N integers which represent elements of the array.

The following Q lines contains three integers l , r , and k. ( 1
≤ l ≤ r ≤ N ).

All the numbers in the input section are 32-bit positive integers.

Sum of all k's in queries does not exceed 500000.

### Output

For each of the queries, print per line YES or NO if there is an
element lying in the subarray which satisfies the condition in the statement.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    8 3
    1 4 2 3 2 2 5 3
    2 6 2
    1 8 2
    1 8 3
    
    
    Output:
    YES
    NO
    YES

_Note_ : For the first and third queries x = 2 satisfies the condition.
And for the second query there is no element for which the condition holds
true.



#### **Solution**



