---
layout: post
title:  CNTINDX - Count The Indexes
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: CNTINDX
src: CNTINDX.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Let's deal with an array, the most important data structure of computer
science. You will be given some operations to do. There will be three types of
operations:

Type 1: Insert a number at the end of the array.

Type 2: Delete the last number of the array, where the last number means the
latest number which has been inserted.

Type 3: You will get a number and two indices i & j where i<=j. Now you will
have to answer how many time the number appears in the array starting from i
to j.

You may assume that initially the array is empty.

### Input

Each file contains one test case. The first line is an integer
Q(1<=Q<=200000), the number of operations. Each of the next Q lines contains
an opeation. The operations will appear as the formats below:

1 x , where 1<=x<=200000, which means you have to insert number x at the end
of the array.

0 , For this operation, you have to delete the last number of the array

2 x i j , Here, you have to find how many times x appers in the array from i
to j. Here x will always be present in the array and 1<=i<=j<=length the
array.

### Output

For deletion, if the array is already empty, then output a string "invalid"
(without quote),otherwise you don't need to print anything for deleting
numbers. For the operation type of 2, you have to output an integer, how many
times x appears in the array from i to j inclusive.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    
    
    7  
     1 10  
    1 20  
    2 20 1 2  
    0  
    2 10 1 1  
    0  
    0 
    
    
    Output:
    1  
     1  
    invalid 



#### **Solution**



