---
layout: post
title:  BANDW - Black and White
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: BANDW
src: BANDW.cpp
---

### **Statement**

_Original statement in spanish
at<http://www.dc.uba.ar/events/icpc/download/problems/taip2011-problems.pdf>_

The famous game Black and White is a solitaire which is played using a set of
identical chips. Each chip has two faces with different colors. Surprisingly
enough, those colors are black and white.

The game starts by placing N chips forming a single line. There exists an
objective pattern which is a given sequence of N colors black or white. In
a single move, the player can choose a group of consecutive chips and invert
their color, in other words, for each chip in the group, the color which was
facing up, is facing down and the one which was facing down is facing up. The
game finishes when the facing up colors of the chips are equal to the
objective pattern.

Barby has just discovered this game and soon she realized that you can always
won by inverting each chip individually if needed. To make this game more
challenging to her, she wanted to win in the least possible number of moves.
Note that Barby just cares about how many moves she makes, and it doesn't
matter how many chips are inverted in each move. To know how well is Barby
playing, she asked you to make a program that given the chip's initial
position and the objective pattern, shows the least possible number of moves
to win the game. Are you going to say no?

### Input

The input contains several test cases. Each test case is described in a single
line that contains two non-empty words S and T of equal size and at
most 500 letters each. S indicates the chip's initial position while T
represents the objective pattern. Both words only contain uppercase letters
"B" and "N", representing respectively White and Black. The last line of the
input contains two asterisks separated by a single space and should not be
processed as a test case.

### Output

For each test case output a single line with an integer representing the least
possible number of moves such that you can change the chip's which are
initially positioned as described in S to form the pattern given by T.

### Example

Input:

    
    
    BBNBBNBBBB NNNNNBBNNB
    BNBNB NBNBN
    BNBN NBNB
    B B
    
    

Output:

    
    
    3
    1
    1
    0
    



#### **Solution**



