---
layout: post
title:  ABA12C - Buying Apples!
categories: ['dynamic-programming']
code: ABA12C
src: ABA12C.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Harish went to a supermarket to buy exactly ‘k’ kilograms apples for his ‘n’
friends. The supermarket was really weird. The pricing of items was very
different. He went to the Apples section and enquired about the prices. The
salesman gave him a card in which he found that the prices of apples were not
per kg. The apples were packed into covers, each containing ‘x’ kg of apples,
x > 0 and ‘x’ is an integer. An ‘x’ kg packet would be valued at ‘y’ rupees.
So, the placard contained a table with an entry ‘y’ denoting the price of an
‘x’ kg packet. If ‘y’ is -1 it means that the corresponding packet is not
available. Now as apples are available only in packets, he decides to buy
atmost ‘n’ packets for his ‘n’ friends i.e he will not buy more than n packets
of apples.

Harish likes his friends a lot and so he does not want to disappoint his
friends. So now, he will tell you how many friends he has and you have to tell
him the minimum amount of money he has to spend for his friends.

### Input

The first line of input will contain the number of test cases, C.

Each test case will contain two lines.

The first line containing N and K, the number of friends he has and the amount
of Apples in kilograms which he should buy.

The second line contains K space separated integers in which the ith integer
specifies the price of a ‘i’kg apple packet. A value of -1 denotes that the
corresponding packet is unavailable.

  * 0 < N <= 100
  * 0 < K <= 100
  * 0 < price <= 1000

### Output

The output for each test case should be a single line containing the minimum
amount of money he has to spend for his friends. Print -1 if it is not
possible for him to satisfy his friends.

### Sample I/O

    
    
    Input:
    2
    3 5
    -1 -1 4 5 -1
    5 5
    1 2 3 4 5
    
    Output:
    -1
    5

Explanation of test cases:

1) As there are only 3 and 4kg packets in the shop, he will not be able to
satisfy his friends as he would not be able to buy exactly 5kg of apples.

2) He can buy five 1kg packet as he has to buy 5 kg. So the min money he
should spend is 5.



#### **Solution**



