---
layout: post
title:  BINGO - Bullshit Bingo
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: BINGO
src: BINGO.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Bullshit Bingo is a game to make lectures, seminars or meetings less boring.
Every player has a card with 5 rows and 5 columns. Each of the 25 cells
contains a word (the cell in the middle has always the word "BINGO" written in
it). Whenever a player hears a word which is written on his card, he can mark
it. The cell in the middle is already marked when the game starts. If a player
has marked all the words in a row, a column or a diagonal, he stands up and
shouts "BULLSHIT". After this, the game starts over again.

Sitting in a lecture, you observe that some students in the audience are
playing Bullshit Bingo. You wonder what the average number of different words
is until "BULLSHIT" is exclaimed. For the purpose of this problem, a word
consists of letters of the English alphabet ('a' to 'z' or 'A' to 'Z'). Words
are separated by characters other than letters (for example spaces, digits or
punctuation). Do the comparison of words case-insensitively, i.e. "Bingo" is
the same word as "bingo". When counting the number of different words, ignore
the word BULLSHIT (indicating the end of the game), and consider only the
words of the current game, i.e., if a word has already occurred in a previous
game, you may still count it in the current game. If the last game is
unfinished, ignore the words of that game.

### Input Specification

The input file consists of the text of the lecture, with "BULLSHIT" occurring
occasionally. The first game starts with the first word in the input. Each
occurrence of "BULLSHIT" indicates the end of one game.  
You may assume, that

  * the word "BULLSHIT" occurs only in uppercase letters
  * every word has at most 25 characters, and each line has at most 100 characters
  * there are at most 500 different words before a game ends
  * the players follow the rules, so there is no need to check if a game is valid or not
  * at least one game is completed

### Output Specification

The output consists of one number: the average number of different words
needed to win a game. Write the number as a reduced fraction in the format
shown below. Reduced fraction means that there should be no integer greater
than 1 which divides both the numerator and denominator. For example if there
were 10 games, and the number of different words in each game summed up to 55,
print "11 / 2".

### Sample Input

    
    
    Programming languages can be classified BULLSHIT into following types:
    - imperative and BULLSHIT procedural languages
    - functional languages
    - logical BULLSHIT programming languages
    - object-oriented BULLSHIT languages
    

### Sample Output

    
    
    9 / 2
    

 *

_In the sample input, there are 4 completed games. The number of different
words is 5, 5, 4 and 4, respectively._



#### **Solution**



