---
layout: post
title:  ILKQUERY2 - I Love Kd-Trees II
categories: ['data-1', 'structures', 'tree-14']
code: ILKQUERY2
src: ILKQUERY2.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Every time someone is preparing to be interviewed, there is someone preparing
the interview. While a good guy is preparing for the interview described in
[http://www.spoj.com/problems/ILKQUERY/](../ILKQUERY/ "ILKQUERY") your boss
gives you the job of preparing the input/output for a new task.  
  
But as always, your boss changes his mind so quickly... He will give you an
array of integers, but sometime, he will say you that the element at index
r of the original array must toggle his state between active (1) and
inactive (0).  
Initially all elements start as active elements.  
Toggle the state of an element means to change it to active (1) if it was
inactive, and change it to inactive (0) if it was active.  
  
Mixed with the toggle operations, he also will give you several queries,
represented with three integers, i l k meaning he wants to know how many
active elements of value k exist between indexes i and l (both
inclusive)

### Input

Input consists of one test case.

The first line contains two integers, N ( 1 ≤ N ≤ 10<sup>5</sup>) and
Q (1 ≤ Q ≤ 10<sup>5</sup>).

The next line contains N integers a<sub>i</sub> (
-10<sup>9</sup> ≤ a<sub>i</sub> ≤ 10<sup>9</sup>).

Then Q lines follow. Each of them starts with an integer q which can
be 0 or 1. If it's 0, then three integers i l k follow (0 ≤ i  < N ; i ≤ l
< N ; -10<sup>9</sup> ≤ k ≤ 10<sup>9</sup>). If it's 1, then an
integer r follows, meaning you have to toggle the state of the element at
index r. (0 ≤ r  < N).

### Output

For each query starting with 0 (in the same order as the input) output a
single line with the answer to that query. That is, output the amount of
active elements of value k between the indexes i and l (both
inclusive).

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    10 5  
     2 2 3 2 1 5 4 2 6 3  
    0 0 7 2  
    1 3  
    0 0 7 2  
    1 6  
    0 2 7 4  
     Output:
    4  
     3  
    0



#### **Solution**



