---
layout: post
title:  CADYDIST - Candy Distribution
categories: ['ad-hoc']
code: CADYDIST
src: CADYDIST.java
---

### **Statement**

Alice is a teacher that loves her students. As the school year reaches its
end, she wants to reward all her students with candies for all their hard
work.

Since each of her classes is unique, she decided she’ll give a different kind
of candy for each class, and in order to avoid students being mad at others in
their class, she wants to make things fair by giving all students in the same
class the same kind of candy.

Happily, she went to the candy shop, and fortunately found out that it had N
different types of candy, exactly the same number of classes of students she
taught!

Looking at the prices and paying close attention to the number of students in
each class, Alice noted that she could save some money by assigning the types
of candy to certain classes. Because she’s a teacher, her income is not that
big and saving money is very important to her, so she asked you to write a
program to determine the least amount of money she must spend.

### Input

Each test case consists of three lines. The first line contains a positive
integer N (1 ≤ N ≤ 100000). The second line contains N integers
C<sub>i</sub> , the i <sup>th</sup> integer indicates the
number of students in Alice’s i-th class. The third and last line also
contains N integers P<sub>i</sub> the i <sup>th</sup> integer
indicates the price of the i <sup>th</sup> type of candy (1 ≤
C<sub>i</sub> , P<sub>i</sub> ≤ 100000).

The input ends with a line consisting of a 0 , which indicates end of
input.

### Output

For each test case, output a line containing the least amount of money Alice
must spend.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    4  
     1 1 1 1  
    2 2 2 2  
    5  
    10 80 37 22 109  
    6 8 8 20 15  
    0
    
    Output:
    8  
     2120
    



#### **Solution**



