---
layout: post
title:  MCHAOS - Chaos Strings
categories: ['bitmasks']
code: MCHAOS
src: MCHAOS.cpp
---

### **Statement**

[English](/problems/MCHAOS/en/) | [Vietnamese](/problems/MCHAOS/vn/)  
---|---  
  
Little Lovro likes to play games with words. During the last few weeks he
realized that some words don't like each other.

  
The words A and B don't like each other if the word A is lexicographically
before the word B, but the word B' is lexicographically before the word A',
where X' stands for the word X reversed (if X="kamen" then X'="nemak"). For
example, the words "lova" and "novac" like each other, but the words "aron"
and "sunce" don't like each other.

Given some set of the words, we define the degree of chaos of the set as the
number of pairs of different words that don't like each other.

Write a program that, given a set of words, finds the chaos degree for the
set.

### Input

The first line of input contains an integer N, 2 ≤ N ≤ 100 000.

Each of the following N lines contains one word – a sequence of at most 10
lowercase letters of the English alphabet ('a'-'z'). There will be no two
identical words in the set.

### Output

The first and only line of output should contain a single integer – the chaos
degree of the given set of words.

  
Note: use 64-bit signed integer type (int64 in Pascal, long long in C/C++).

### Sample

    
    
    input   
       
    2   
    lopta   
    kugla   
       
    output   
       
    0  
      
    input   
       
    4   
    lova   
    novac   
    aron   
    sunce   
       
    output   
       
    3  
      
    input   
       
    14   
    branimir   
    vladimir   
    tom   
    kruz   
    bred   
    pit   
    zemlja   
    nije   
    ravna   
    ploca   
    ko   
    je   
    zapalio   
    zito   
       
    output   
       
    48  
    



#### **Solution**



