---
layout: post
title:  PARADOX - Paradox
categories: ['graph-theory', 'number-theory', 'ad-hoc']
code: PARADOX
src: PARADOX.cpp
---

### **Statement**

A paradox is a statement or group of statements that leads to a contradiction.
Consider the following two statements.

"The statement below is false."  
"The statement above is true."

If we assume that 1st statement is true then according to 1st statement the
2nd statement is false. Since the 2nd statement is false and it says that 1st
statement is true, 1st statement must be false which is a contradiction. If we
assume that 1st statement is false then the 2nd statement must be true (since
1st statement says 2nd statement is false). Then according to 2nd statement
1st statement must be true which is a contradiction. Thus the statement cannot
be classified as true or false. This is a paradox.

Given N statements of the form "Statement X is true/false", 1<=X<=N, your task
is to find if these set of statements are paradoxical or not. A set of
statements is paradoxical if one or more statements cannot be classified as
true or false.

### Input

Multiple test cases. Each test cases begins with an integer N representing the
number of statements. 1 <=N<=100. Then follow N lines, representing N
statements in the order 1,2,3, ...,N. Each line contains an integer X and a
string S separated by a space. 1 <=X<=N. S is either "true" or "false"
(quotes for clarity), which means the statement is "Statement X is S". N=0
indicates the end of testcases and should not be processed. There are atmost
10000 testcases.

### Output

For each test case print "PARADOX" if the set of statements are
paradoxical, else print "NOT PARADOX" , in a separate line.

### Example

    
    
    Input:  
     2  
    2 false  
    1 true  
    2  
    2 false  
    1 false  
    0  
      
     Output:  
     PARADOX  
    NOT PARADOX  
    



#### **Solution**



