---
layout: post
title:  PARAG - Paragliding Trip
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: PARAG
src: PARAG.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Ever heard of paragliding? It's a recreational sport in which one jumps off an
elevated position, and then soars through the sky equipped with a 'paraglider'
(a parachute of sorts). Although air currents might help you out, gravity will
relentlessly pull you towards the ground eventually.

As all good sports, paragliding has a group of enthusiasts in Slovakistan, who
call themselves 'Klub Slovakistanských Paraglidistov' (KSP). And as all real
enthusiast groups, KSP organizes club activities - group tours to the most
prestigious paragliding centers, where all members of the club can paraglide
to their hearts' content in the most luxurious mountain ranges. Of course,
every upcoming tour must be more awesome than the last, and so the selection
of the right destination is key. It will be extra important this year, as the
Slovakistan paragliding superstar Syseľ agreed to come along. With his
dedication and love for the sport, he is recognized on the worldwide
paragliding scene.

In his bestseller autobiography the members of KSP have read that Syseľ enjoys
long flights the most - such that the difference of the heights of the
mountain he jumps from and lands on is greater than m. In the context of
an exclusive interview he mentioned that what he most dislikes about
paragliding is the need to climb up onto a mountain after every jump; hence,
he usually likes to jump from a tall mountain, land on a smaller one, and
immediately jump again from this smaller mountain, and so on. If he does this
s-1 times, he is satisfied. Lastly from an intercepted phone call KSP
members concluded that Syseľ likes to paraglide after lunch, but only in the
eastwards direction, as when he paraglides to the west the sun shines into his
eyes.

KSP does not want to disappoint Syseľ, and hence they are looking for such a
mountain range which has the most possible trips which satisfy Syseľ. Help
them!

### Task

Every mountain range consisting of n mountains can be described as an
array of n numbers, representing the heights of these mountains from west
to east.

A trip is an arbitrary sequence of several, not necessarily neighbouring
mountains, which satisfies Syseľ if and only if it contains exactly s
mountains, and between each two consecutive mountains in this sequence the
difference in elevation is greater than m \- that is if a mountain's
height is x , and the nearest mountain to the east on the trip has a
height of y , then x-y >m.

For a given mountain range consisting of n mountains and the values of
m and s , find the number of trips which exist in this mountain range
that satisfy Syseľ.

### Input

There are multiple test cases - their number 1 ≤ T ≤ 70 will be on the
first line.

The first line of each test case contains the integers 1 ≤ n ≤
10<sup>5</sup> , 0 ≤ m ≤ 10<sup>18</sup> and 2 ≤ s ≤
20 : the number of mountains in the mountain range, the required difference
in elevation, and the number of mountains in a trip which satisfies Syseľ.

The second line of each test case contains n numbers - the heights of the
mountains in the mountain range, from west to east. The heights of mountains
are positive integers not greater than 10 <sup> 18 </sup>.

The sum of n within one input file does not exceed 400,000.

### Output

For each test case output the string "Case x : y ", where x is the
number of the test case, starting from 1, and y is the number of trips in
the mountain range that satisfy Syseľ, modulo 10<sup>9</sup>+7. We
consider two trips distinct if there exists at least one mountain which
belongs to one trip but not the other.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    3
    4 0 2
    5 4 3 1
    4 1 2
    5 4 3 1
    8 3 3
    11 15 15 10 10 7 1 1
    Output:
    Case 1: 6
    Case 2: 4
    Case 3: 14

In the first case, any pair of mountains is a trip which satisfies Syseľ. In
the second case, the pairs of mountains with heights (5,4) and (4,3) no longer
have a great enough elevation difference.



#### **Solution**



