---
layout: post
title:  ASHMHF - Meet Her Fast!
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: ASHMHF
src: ASHMHF.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Dreamerash Lives in Wonderland. He loves a girl named Tania. They live in two
different cities. Today Tania told him that she is coming to Dreamerash’s city
for a work. She told him that she will stay in a hotel. But unfortunately as
their communication link broke up she couldn’t tell him the exact hotel. After
her arriving in the city they can again communicate with each other. Since
they’ve not seen each other for a long time he wants to meet her as soon as
possible after her arrival in the city. So he decides to stay in one of the
hotels until he meets her.

There are n hotels in the city, all are arranged in one straight line.
Dreamerash know the positions of every hotel. Positions of every hotel are
distinct. He wants to stay in a hotel from where, sum of distance
among all the other hotels is minimum. As he is busy dreaming, he wants
you to solve this problem for him.

Your task is to find the index ( starting from one ) of a hotel
from where, sum of distance among all the other hotels is minimum. If there
are multiple hotels, print the index of the hotel that appeared in the input
first.

### Input

First line contains an integer T (1 ≤ T ≤ 10) denoting the number of test
cases.

For each test case there will be following lines:

The first line has an integer N (1 ≤ N ≤ 10^5) denoting the number of
hotels.

Next line contain array of N space separated distinct integers A [i] (1 ≤
A[i] ≤ 10^9) denoting the positions of the hotels indexed from One.

### Output

For each test case print the case number followed by the index of the hotel
according to the following format “ Case X: I” without quote, where X
denotes the case number and I denotes the index of the desired hotel.

For better understanding see the sample input output.

### Example

Input

|

Output  
  
---|---  
  
2

4

1 12 17 9

5

8 20 60 14 32

|

Case 1: 2

Case 2: 2  
  


    
    
      
     [ This problem orginally contributed by MD. Ashrafuzzaman Khan ]  
     



#### **Solution**



