---
layout: post
title:  TPGAME - The Permutation Game
categories: ['tree', 'binary-search']
code: TPGAME
src: TPGAME.cpp
---

### **Statement**

YoMamaSoFat(Ankit), Kira(Akash) and Blackhood(Rohit) were playing Mini-
Militia. Since YoMamaSoFat is a Mini-Militia pro ,to defeat him Kira and
Blackhood teamed up together for a battle vs YoMamaSoFat. But still Kira and
Blackhood ended up on the losing side :/ . So, Kira and Blackhood decided to
humiliate YoMamaSoFat in return. Since YoMamaSoFat is a noob in coding, Kira
and Blackhood asked one question each from YoMamaSoFat. First it was
Blackhood's turn to ask. He gave YoMamaSoFat a permutation of N distinct
integers from 1 to N and asked him to find for each integer (say K) in the
permutation - the no of integers in its left and having value greater than K.
YoMamaSoFat answered this instantly and gave Blackhood an array (say A) as the
answer. Formally A[i] , (1<=i<=N) contains the no of elements which are
greater than permutation[i] and in the left of the ith position in the
permutation, where permutation[i] is the element at the ith position in the
permutation. eg. for the permutation 5 4 3 1 2 , the array would be 0 1 2 3 3.
Since YoMamaSoFat was able to answer this , Kira aked him just the reverse of
this problem, i.e. Kira gave him the array A and asked him to find the
permutation corresponding to the array. Since YoMamaSoFat has always been
winning, he wants to continue his winning legacy and asks you for help. (as he
is not such a pro in coding as he is in Mini-Militia :p.)

HELP HIM! 

IT IS GUARANTEED THAT THE INPUT IS VALID AND THE PERMUTATION WILL BE
UNIQUE.

###  Input

First line of the input contains t, the no of testcases. (1<=t<=5)

Each testcase starts with N , the no of integers in the
permutation.(1<=N<=100000)

Next line contains N space separated integers| A[i] (1<=i<=N) , representing
the array A.

### Output

For each testcase , print N space separated integers in a single line,
representing the permutation.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
     3   
    2  
    0 0   
    3  
    0 1 2   
    5   
    0 1 1 3 1   
    Output:
     1 2   
    3 2 1   
    5 2 3 1 4 
    



#### **Solution**



