---
layout: post
title:  BACKPACK - Dab of Backpack
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: BACKPACK
src: BACKPACK.cpp
---

### **Statement**

One day Blue Mary goes to a nearby supermarket to buy some goods. She has a
backpack, whose capacity is _V-Max_. She finds that there are many goods in
the market, each has a volume _V<sub>i</sub>_ (it will always be a
multiple of 10 and less than 10000) and an importance _C<sub>i</sub>_ (1<=
_C<sub>i</sub>_ <=5). Since she has almost unlimited money, the only
problem she is to solve is how to choose goods such that the total volume
won't exceed the capacity of the backpack and the sum of the product of the
volume and the importance of each good is maximum. To be an excellent
mathematician, she comes up with the answer quickly, and now she wants you to
do a harder task. There are two kinds of goods: main goods and attachments. If
you want to buy an attachment you must buy its main good before.

### Input

Multiple test cases, the number of them is given in the very first line.

For each test case:

The first line contains two space-separated integers _V-Max_ (1 <= _V-Max_
<=32000) and the number of the goods _N_ (1 <= _N_ <=60). N lines follow, each
contains three space-separated integers _V<sub>i</sub>_ ,
_C<sub>i</sub>_ and a integer _u_. If _u_ is not 0, this good is an
attachment of good _u_ (as the order in the input file).

To make the problem not too difficult, Blue Mary tells you that:

(A) An attachment won't have any attachments which belong to it.

(B) A main good will always have less than 3 attachments.

### Output

For each test case:

The first and the only line contains a single integer denoted the answer.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    1
    1000 5
    800 2 0
    400 5 1
    300 5 1
    400 3 0
    500 2 0
    
    Output:
    2200
    



#### **Solution**



