---
layout: post
title:  BEADS - Glass Beads
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: BEADS
src: BEADS.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Once upon a time there was a famous actress. As you may expect, she played
mostly Antique Comedies most of all. All the people loved her. But she was not
interested in the crowds. Her big hobby were beads of any kind. Many bead
makers were working for her and they manufactured new necklaces and bracelets
every day. One day she called her main _Inspector of Bead Makers_ ( _IBM_ )
and told him she wanted a very long and special necklace.

The necklace should be made of glass beads of different sizes connected to
each other but without any thread running through the beads, so that means the
beads can be disconnected at any point. The actress chose the succession of
beads she wants to have and the IBM promised to make the necklace. But then he
realized a problem. The joint between two neighbouring beads is not very
robust so it is possible that the necklace will get torn by its own weight.
The situation becomes even worse when the necklace is disjoined. Moreover, the
point of disconnection is very important. If there are small beads at the
beginning, the possibility of tearing is much higher than if there were large
beads. IBM wants to test the robustness of a necklace so he needs a program
that will be able to determine the worst possible point of disjoining the
beads.

The description of the necklace is a string A =
a<sub>1</sub>a<sub>2</sub> ... a<sub>m</sub> specifying sizes of
the particular beads, where the last character a<sub>m</sub> is considered
to precede character a<sub>1</sub> in circular fashion.

The disjoint point i is said to be worse than the disjoint point j if and only
if the string a<sub>i</sub>a<sub>i+1</sub> ...
a<sub>n</sub>a<sub>1</sub> ... a<sub>i-1</sub> is lexicografically
smaller than the string a<sub>j</sub>a<sub>j+1</sub> ...
a<sub>n</sub>a<sub>1</sub> ... a<sub>j-1</sub>. String
a<sub>1</sub>a<sub>2</sub> ... a<sub>n</sub> is lexicografically
smaller than the string b<sub>1</sub>b<sub>2</sub> ...
b<sub>n</sub> if and only if there exists an integer i, i <= n, so that
a<sub>j</sub>=b<sub>j</sub>, for each j, 1 <= j < i and
a<sub>i</sub> < b<sub>i</sub>.

### Input

The input consists of N cases. The first line of the input contains only
positive integer N. Then follow the cases. Each case consists of exactly one
line containing necklace description. Maximal length of each description is
10000 characters. Each bead is represented by a lower-case character of the
english alphabet (a--z), where a < b ... z.

### Output

For each case, print exactly one line containing only one integer -- number of
the bead which is the first at the worst possible disjoining, i.e. such i,
that the string A[i] is lexicographically smallest among all the n possible
disjoinings of a necklace. If there are more than one solution, print the one
with the lowest i.

### Example

    
    
    Sample input:
    
    4
    helloworld
    amandamanda
    dontcallmebfu
    aaabaaa
    
    Sample output:
    
    10
    11
    6
    5
    



#### **Solution**



