---
layout: post
title:  SHUB1307 - Gupta ji Birthday !!
categories: ['dynamic-programming']
code: SHUB1307
src: SHUB1307.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Its 13th of July and its Shubham Gupta's Birthday. Shubham loves to solve DP
problem. Anuj ( Shubham's friend ) want to wish him uniquely. So he decorate
their Hostel room no. 235 where the floor is divided into N x M square
tiles, forming a grid with N rows and M columns.

Each square in the grid contains a number of Vodka Shots that Shubham has to
drink if he steps on a particular tile. Shubham enters the room on (1, 1) and
has to makes his way to the exit gate on (N, M), drinking the vodka on the
way. From the current cell, he can move only to the adjacent cell in East,
South or South-East direction i.e. from (i, j) to either (i, j+1) , (i+1, j)
or (i+1, j+1).

However, his capacity for the Vodka is limited. If he drink more than K
Shots, he will be out of control ! Help him find a way to drink as any many
Shots as he can, without going out of control.

### Input

The first line contains T. T testcases follow.  
First line of each testcase contains 3 space-separated integers, N, M, K.  
Each of the following N lines contain M space-separated integers,
describing the grid.

### Output

Print the maximum number of Vodka Shots that he can drink without going out of
control or "-1" (without the quotes) if it can not be done i.e. if there does
not exist such a path. Print the answer to each testcase in a new line. .

### Constraints:

1≤T≤10  
1≤N,M≤100  
1≤K≤500  
1 ≤ Values in the Grid ≤ 50

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    2
    3 3 7
    2 3 1
    6 1 9
    8 2 3
    3 4 9
    2 3 4 1
    6 5 5 3
    5 2 3 4
    Output:
    6
    -1
    

### Explanation

In the first testcase, he can move on squares (1,1) , (2,2) and (3,3) to
complete his journey with 6 Shots. In the second testcase, every possible path
leads to the drinks of more than 9 Shots.



#### **Solution**



