---
layout: post
title:  CRAN02 - Roommate Agreement
categories: ['math', 'ad-hoc-1']
code: CRAN02
src: CRAN02.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Leonard was always sickened by how Sheldon considered himself better than him.
To decide once and for all who is better among them they decided to ask each
other a puzzle. Sheldon pointed out that according to Roommate Agreement
Sheldon will ask first. Leonard seeing an opportunity decided that the winner
will get to rewrite the Roommate Agreement.

Sheldon thought for a moment then agreed to the terms thinking that Leonard
will never be able to answer right. For Leonard, Sheldon thought of a puzzle
which is as follows. He gave Leonard n numbers, which can be both positive and
negative. Leonard had to find the number of continuous sequence of numbers
such that their sum is zero.

For example if the sequence is- 5, 2, -2, 5, -5, 9

There are 3 such sequences

2, -2

5, -5

2, -2, 5, -5

Since this is a golden opportunity for Leonard to rewrite the Roommate
Agreement and get rid of Sheldon's ridiculous clauses, he can't afford to
lose. So he turns to you for help. Don't let him down.

### Input

First line contains T - number of test cases

Second line contains n - the number of elements in a particular test case.

Next line contain n elements, ai (1 <= i <= n) separated by spaces.

### Output

The number of such sequences whose sum if zero.

### Constraints

1 <= t <= 5

1 <= n <= 10^6

-10 <= ai <= 10

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    2
    4
    0 1 -1 0
    6
    5 2 -2 5 -5 9
    
    
    Output:
    6
    3



#### **Solution**



