---
layout: post
title:  KALTSUM - k Alternating Sum
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: KALTSUM
src: KALTSUM.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Sameen has:

  1. An array having N integers
  2. Q friends

His friends are curious about the array. So, each of his friends asks Sameen a
question about the array. Every question is described by 3 integers: i, j and
k. In reply to a question, Sameen has to say the “k alternating sum” of the
subarray starting at position i and ending at position j [1 based indexing]

  

“k alternating sum” of a subarray starting at position i and ending at
position j can be calculated in the following way:

Add the first k numbers[starting from position i]

Subtract the second k numbers[starting from position i+k]

Add the third k numbers[starting from position i+2*k]

Subtract the fourth k numbers[starting from position i+3*k]

And so on till adding/subtracting the j-th number…

(j-i+1) will be divisible by k.

[See sample Input/output and explanation section for more details]

Can you help Sameen in answering the questions?

### Input

The first line of input contains two integers N and Q. The next line contains
N integers, the numbers in the array. Then each of the following Q lines
contains 3 integers i, j & k.

### Output

For each query output an integer in a separate line, the answer for that
query. Queries should be answered in the order given in the input.

Constraints:

1 ≤ k ≤ 100000

1 ≤  N ≤  100000

1 ≤  Q ≤ 100000

-1000000000 ≤  Value of a number in the array ≤ 1000000000

(j-i+1) will be divisible by k. 



### Example

    
    
    Input:
    
    
     6 6
    
    4 1 -2 -3 4 5
    
    2 5 2
    
    1 6 1
    
    1 6 3
    
    1 6 6
    
    3 3 1
    
    3 4 1
    
    
    Output:
    
    
     -2
    
    3
    
    -3
    
    9
    
    -2
    
    1
    
    
    Explanation :
    
    In the first query, the subarray is [ 1, -2, -3, 4].
    
    So “2 alternating sum” is equal to: [1-2]-[-3+4] = -2
    
    For the second query, we get [4]-[1]+[-2]-[-3]+[4]-[5] = 3
    
      
    
    
    N.B: Dataset is huge. Use faster I/O method. 



#### **Solution**



