---
layout: post
title:  PALIM - Yet Another Longest Palindrome Problem
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: PALIM
src: PALIM.cpp
---

### **Statement**

A string is called a palindrome if it's the same when read from left to right
and from right to left. For example, `"abdba"` is a palindrome, but `"abbaa"`
is not.

Given a string, print the length of the longest consecutive sequence of
characters occurrences at least once in this string, which is a palindrome.

### Input

  * Line 1: a string consists of at most 100000 characters. The ASCII code of all characters are between 32 and 127, inclusive. 
  * Line 2: a magical key(for security purpose).

### Output

  * Line 1: the length of the longest palindrome.
  * Line 2: the magical key.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    abaabbabaaba
    MAGICAL KEY
    
    Output:
    6
    MAGICAL KEY
    

### Restriction

Only C++ is allowed in this problem now. In addition, you will receive`
"wrong answer"` if your program don't start with
[this](https://www.spoj.com/content/crazyb0y:PALIM.cpp). You can't use macro
`"#undef"` in your solution as well.

If you want to solve this problem in another language, send me the header file
in your language please.

warning: Don't try to access the memory of tester, or I will reject your
solution manually, and you will lose the chance to enjoy this problem as well.

### Hint

hint of using tester library: you can't read anything from stdin, and you
can't print anything as well, your program will be terminated if you called
answer().

hint of viewing feedback: You can click on ` "wrong answer"` link to view
the feedback of judge: whether your solution didn't include the testlib, or
failed on sample. (if neither, your solution failed on a further test case)

### Notice

update on Oct.24: I had updated the header file for C++, now you will
receive` "Runtime Error(NZEC)"` if your solution called isSame() illegally.
The submissions with old version of header file are still acceptable.

rejudge on Oct.24: some test cases were added, three submissions were
rejudged as TLE instead of AC.



#### **Solution**



