---
layout: post
title:  NICEDAY - The day of the competitors
categories: ['tree']
code: NICEDAY
src: NICEDAY.cpp
---

### **Statement**

The International Olympiad in Informatics is coming and the leaders of the
Vietnamese Team have to choose the best contestants all over the country.
Fortunately, the leaders could choose the members of the team among N very
good contestants, numbered from 1 to N (3 ≤ N ≤ 100000). In order to select
the best contestants the leaders organized three competitions. Each of the N
contestants took part in all three competitions and there were no two
contestants with equal results on any of the competitions. We say that
contestant А is better than another contestant В when А is ranked before В in
all of the competitions. A contestant A is said to be excellent if no other
contestant is better than A. The leaders of the Vietnamese Team would like to
know the number of excellent contestants.

### Input

First line of the input contains an integer t (1 ≤ t ≤ 10 ), equal to the
number of testcases. Then descriptions of t testcases follow. First line of
description contains the number of competitors N . Each of the next N lines
describes one competitor and contains integer numbers ai, bi, ci (1 ≤ ai, bi ,
ci ≤ N ) separated by spaces, the order of i-th competitor's ranking in the
first competition , the second competition and the third competition.

### Output

For each test case in the input your program should output the number of
excellent contestants in one line.

Note: Because the input is too large so we have 4 input files and the
total time limit is 4s ( not 1s ).

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    1
    3
    1 2 3
    2 3 1
    3 1 2
    
    Output:
    3
    



#### **Solution**



