---
layout: post
title:  TRUETWIN - Finding true twins
categories: ['partition', 'datastructures']
code: TRUETWIN
src: TRUETWIN.cpp
---

### **Statement**

In every university there is a group of N students that like to run parties,
and there are M friendships among the students. Friendship among the students
is reciprocal: if A is friend with B then B is also friend with A. Hence the
pairs A,B and B,A count as a single friendship. Every Saturday evening one of
the students would invite all his/her friends to his home. At some
universities it was observed that there are two students A, B which are always
invited together or not invited at all at every party run by the other
students. Such students are called _twins_. When the twins are friends they
are called _true twins_ and when they are not friends they are called _false
twins_.

### Input

The first line of the input contains an integer T – the amount of test
cases. Then T test descriptions follow. The first line of each test
consists of two integers N and M separated with a space. Then M
lines follow, each containing two integers A and B separated with a
space, describing friendships. No testcase will contain twice the same
friendship A, B.

The limits are 1≤ T ≤10, 1≤ N ≤10000, 0≤ M ≤100050, 1≤ A <
B ≤ N.

### Output

For each test case, output a line

    
    
    Case # X : Y

where X is the test case number, starting from 1, and Y is either the
string "No twins" without the quotes if there are no true twins, otherwise it
is the string " A B " where A, B is the lexicographical smallest true
twin pair.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    2  
     6 8  
    1 2  
    1 4  
    1 5  
    2 3  
    2 4  
    3 4  
    3 6  
    5 6  
    6 7  
    1 2  
    1 4  
    1 5  
    2 3  
    3 4  
    3 6  
    5 6
    
    Output:
    Case #1: 2 4  
     Case #2: No twins
    



#### **Solution**



