---
layout: post
title:  MINSTACK - Smallest on the Stack
categories: ['stack']
code: MINSTACK
src: MINSTACK.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Every Christmas the good old man can go to every house in the world and leave
gifts for the children who have been good throughout the year, but this is
only possible because of his magic gift bag. It would be impossible for Santa
to carry all the presents in his bag, the volume and weight of them all makes
this obviously unfeasible. What actually happens is that your bag is a kind of
magical portal to your gift factory at the North Pole. Where the presents are
stacked by their elves and Noel always takes the gift from the top of that
pile when he accesses his magical bag.

Gifts have a numerical measure of the degree of fun they can provide children,
and Santa is always concerned with the least fun gift he will deliver
throughout the night because he does not want any child to feel bad about it.
you receive. However, this can not be done in advance because throughout the
night as the good old man takes gifts from the pile to deliver, others are
still being made and placed on the pile. So the most he can know is the value
of the least fun present on the stack up to that point.

Your task is, given the sequence of operations done on the stack of gifts,
answer Santa's queries about the value of the least entertaining gift on the
stack thus far.

### Input

The first line of the input contains an integer N (1 ≤ N ≤
10<sup>6</sup>) corresponding to the number of operations performed on the
present stack. The operations can be of three types: " _PUSH_ V" where V
(1 ≤ V ≤ 10<sup>9</sup>) is an integer representing the degree of fun
of the present being placed on the stack; " _POP_ " which represents that
Santa Claus is taking a gift from the cell to deliver and " _MIN_ "
representing a Noel query to know the smallest gift value in the stack.

### Output

The output consists of a line containing an integer with the smallest present
value in the stack for queries of type "MIN" or "EMPTY" for "MIN" and "POP"
operations when the stack is empty.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
     11  
     PUSH 5  
     PUSH 7  
     PUSH 3  
     PUSH 8  
     PUSH 10  
     MIN  
     POP  
     POP  
     MIN  
     POP  
     MIN
    
    Output:
    
    
     3
    
    
    3
    
    
    5
    

### Example

    
    
    Input:
     9  
     PUSH 100  
     PUSH 50  
     MIN  
     PUSH 45  
     MIN  
     POP  
     MIN  
     POP  
     MIN
    Output:
    
    
     50
    
    
    45
    
    
    50
    
    
    100



#### **Solution**



