---
layout: post
title:  SCUBADIV - Scuba diver
categories: ['dynamic-programming']
code: SCUBADIV
src: SCUBADIV.cpp
---

### **Statement**

A scuba diver uses a special equipment for diving. He has a cylinder with two
containers: one with oxygen and the other with nitrogen. Depending on the time
he wants to stay under water and the depth of diving the scuba diver needs
various amount of oxygen and nitrogen. The scuba diver has at his disposal a
certain number of cylinders. Each cylinder can be described by its weight and
the volume of gas it contains. In order to complete his task the scuba diver
needs specific amount of oxygen and nitrogen. What is the minimal total weight
of cylinders he has to take to complete the task?

### Example

The scuba diver has at his disposal 5 cylinders described below. Each
description consists of: volume of oxygen, volume of nitrogen (both values are
given in litres) and weight of the cylinder (given in decagrams):

    
    
    3 36 120
    10 25 129
    5 50 250
    1 45 130
    4 20 119
    

If the scuba diver needs 5 litres of oxygen and 60 litres of nitrogen then he
has to take two cylinders of total weight 249 (for example the first and the
second ones or the fourth and the fifth ones).

### Task

Write a program that for each test case:

  * reads scuba diver's demand for oxygen and nitrogen, the number of accessible cylinders and their descriptions; 
  * computes the minimal total weight of cylinders the scuba diver needs to complete his task; 
  * outputs the result. 

Note: the given set of cylinders always allows to complete the given task.

### Input

The number of test cases _c_ is in the first line of input, then _c_ test
cases follow separated by an empty line.

In the first line of a test case there are two integers _t_ , _a_ separated by
a single space, 1  <= _t_ <= 21 and 1 <= _a_ <= 79. They denote volumes of
oxygen and nitrogen respectively, needed to complete the task. The second line
contains one integer _n_ , 1 <= _n_ <= 1000, which is the number of accessible
cylinders. The following _n_ lines contain descriptions of cylinders; _i_ -th
line contains three integers _t_ _<sub>i</sub>_ , _a_ _<sub>i</sub>_ ,
_w_ _<sub>i</sub>_ separated by single spaces, (1  <= _t_
_<sub>i</sub>_ <= 21, 1 <= _a_ _<sub>i</sub>_ <= 79, 1 <= _w_
_<sub>i</sub>_ <= 800). These are respectively: volume of oxygen and
nitrogen in the _i_ -th cylinder and the weight of this cylinder.

### Output

For each test case your program should output one line with the minimal total
weight of cylinders the scuba diver should take to complete the task.

### Example

    
    
    Sample input:
    1
    5 60
    5
    3 36 120
    10 25 129
    5 50 250
    1 45 130
    4 20 119
    
    Sample output:
    249
    



#### **Solution**



