---
layout: post
title:  CMPLS - Complete the Sequence!
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: CMPLS
src: CMPLS.cpp
---

### **Statement**

You probably know those quizzes in Sunday magazines: given the sequence 1, 2,
3, 4, 5, what is the next number? Sometimes it is very easy to answer,
sometimes it could be pretty hard. Because these "sequence problems" are very
popular, ACM wants to implement them into the "Free Time" section of their new
WAP portal.

ACM programmers have noticed that some of the quizzes can be solved by
describing the sequence by polynomials. For example, the sequence 1, 2, 3, 4,
5 can be easily understood as a trivial polynomial. The next number is 6. But
even more complex sequences, like 1, 2, 4, 7, 11, can be described by a
polynomial. In this case, 1/2.n<sup>2</sup>-1/2.n+1 can be used. Note that
even if the members of the sequence are integers, polynomial coefficients may
be any real numbers.

Polynomial is an expression in the following form:  

P(n) =
a<sub>D</sub>.n<sup>D</sup>+a<sub>D-1</sub>.n<sup>D-1</sup>+...+a<sub>1</sub>.n+a<sub>0</sub>

  

If a<sub>D</sub> <> 0, the number D is called a _degree_ of the
polynomial. Note that constant function  P(n) = C can be considered as
polynomial of degree 0, and the zero function P(n) = 0 is usually defined to
have degree -1.

### Input

There is a single positive integer T on the first line of input (equal to
about 5000). It stands for the number of test cases to follow. Each test case
consists of two lines. First line of each test case contains two integer
numbers S and C separated by a single space, 1 <= S < 100, 1 <= C < 100, (S+C)
<= 100. The first number, S, stands for the length of the given sequence, the
second number, C is the amount of numbers you are to find to complete the
sequence.

The second line of each test case contains S integer numbers
X<sub>1</sub>, X<sub>2</sub>, ... X<sub>S</sub> separated by a
space. These numbers form the given sequence. The sequence can always be
described by a polynomial P(n) such that for every i, X<sub>i</sub> =
P(i). Among these polynomials, we can find the polynomial P<sub>min</sub>
with the lowest possible degree. This polynomial should be used for completing
the sequence.

### Output

For every test case, your program must print a single line containing C
integer numbers, separated by a space. These numbers are the values completing
the sequence according to the polynomial of the lowest possible degree. In
other words, you are to print values P<sub>min</sub>(S+1),
P<sub>min</sub>(S+2), .... P<sub>min</sub>(S+C).

It is guaranteed that the results P<sub>min</sub>(S+i) will be non-
negative and will fit into the standard _integer_ type.

### Example

Sample Input:

    
    
    4
    6 3
    1 2 3 4 5 6
    8 2
    1 2 4 7 11 16 22 29
    10 2
    1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 2
    1 10
    3
    
    

Sample Output:

    
    
    7 8 9
    37 46
    11 56
    3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3 3
    

Warning: large Input/Output data, be careful with certain languages



#### **Solution**



