---
layout: post
title:  WAL3A - Khairy and Gold Alloys
categories: ['ad-hoc-1']
code: WAL3A
src: WAL3A.cpp
---

### **Statement**

We all know "Connect 4 Game", One day Khairy has a Grid with infinite height
and n numbers representing the number of discs in the ith column.

It's guaranteed that no empty cells between any discs in the same column.

for each disc in the grid if Khairy saw a disc on its left OR its right, he'll
say "Wal3a".

Given the N numbers, What's the maximum number that Khairy will say "Wal3a"!

Khairy is a small guy who likes gold very much, but he has a problem in his
eyes and the word "WAL3A" (WAL3A in arabic means "Firing"), whenever he likes
something very much sooner or later it is destroyed by any means (Please don't
impress him with something you want :|)

One day Khairy visited the National Museum and saw a Grid with infinite height
and N columns and each column _i_ contains X _i_ Gold Alloys. No empty cells
between Alloys in the same column.

Khairy is a short guy, so he only sees the first row of the grid (High things
may survive), also he is only impressed by at least two Gold Alloys adjacent
to each other in a row, so if he found an Alloy alone in the row, he ignores
it, else he would shout "WAL3AAAAAAAA".

Unfortunately all Gold Alloys that impress Khairy in the 1st row are destroyed
and disappeard :S, consequently the Alloys of the same columns above the
destroyed Alloys fall to the the cell which is directly below it (each
affected column height is decreased by 1 unit). Khairy continues saying
"WAL3A" till he finds the first row not impressing anymore.

The example below Khairy would say "WAL3A" twice and 7 gold alloys are
destroyed.

![Black Blocks are Gold Alloys Destroyed By
Khairy](http://s22.postimg.org/ynk4hy8q9/max_khairy.png)

Of course the museum lost a fotune during Khairy's visit, so could you help
the government find how many Gold Alloys are destroyed by Khairy.

### Input

The first line of input contains an integer T (1  <= 20 <= T )
followed by T test cases.

Each test case contains a positive integer N [1  <= N <=
10<sup>5</sup>] followed by N integers [0  <= X<sub>i</sub> <=
10<sup>9</sup>] separated by spaces (see sample input for more
clarification).

### Output

For each test case output one line contains how many Gold Alloys are destroyed
by Khairy.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    2  
     5  
    1 2 2 1 5  
    3  
    7 7 7
    
    Output:
    7  
     21 



#### **Solution**



