---
layout: post
title:  GLASNICI - Glasnici
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: GLASNICI
src: GLASNICI.cpp
---

### **Statement**

A long straight road connects two villages. Along the road, N messengers are
stationed and, when needed, they exchange messages using mostly their legs,
but also their vocal cords and ears. The first messenger (the closest to the
first village) has a radio-receiver which he uses to keep track of current
ongoings in the country. When he finds out who has been evicted from whichever
reality show is currently popular, he starts running as fast as he can to
share the unfortunate (or fortunate) news with everyone else. While running,
he shouts the name of the evicted person so that any fellow messengers that
are close enough can hear him. Meanwhile, the remaining messengers do not
merely sit and wait, but also run themselves, all with the selfless goal of
sharing the news with everyone as fast as possible. The running and shouting
proceeds as follows:

  * Each of the messengers may run whenever, in either direction, at a speed of at most 1 unit per second, or may decide not to run at all and stand still.
  * All messengers that know the news shout it at all times. One messenger can hear another messenger shouting (and learn the news) if the distance between them is at most K units.

Write a program that, given the initial locations of the messengers,
determines the least amount of time (in seconds) needed for all messengers to
learn the news. The location of every messenger is given with a positive real
number – the distance from the first village. As mentioned above, initially
only the first messenger knows the news.

### Input

The first line contains the integer T (1 ≤ T ≤ 25), the number of test cases.
Then for each test case, the first line contains the real number K (0 ≤ K ≤
1,000,000), the largest distance at which two messengers can hear each other,
and the integer N (1 ≤ N ≤ 100,000), the number of messengers. Each of the
following N lines contains one real number D (0 ≤ D ≤ 1,000,000,000), the
distance of one messenger from the first village. The distances will be sorted
in ascending order. It is possible for multiple messengers to be at the same
location.

### Output

For each test case, output a real number, the least time for all messengers to
learn the news. Your output needs to be within 0.01 of the official output.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    2
    3.000 2
    0.000
    6.000
    2.000 4
    0.000
    4.000
    4.000
    8.000
    
    Output:
    1.500
    1.000
    

Warning: large input/output data.



#### **Solution**



