---
layout: post
title:  DYZIO - Dyzio
categories: ['recursion', 'ad-hoc-1']
code: DYZIO
src: DYZIO.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Dyzio is Jasiek's friend and he also likes riddles. Here is a riddle he came
up with:

_Jasiek, here is a piece of rope, which has to be cut into smaller pieces. I
will not tell you directly how to do it, but look at this sequence of zeros
(0) and ones (1). A one at the begining means that the rope has to be cut in
half. If the first digit was zero, it would be the only digit in the sequence
and mean you don't have to cut anything - I want the whole rope. If you have
to cut the rope anyway then after the first 1 I wrote what to do with the left
piece (according to the same rules as with the whole rope) and then I wrote
what to do with the right piece of rope (all the time with the same rules of
notation). Every time you have to cut the left piece first, only then can you
cut the right one. Now start cutting and tell me, how many cuts you have to do
until you have cut off the shortest piece._

Unfortunately mom hid the scissors from Jasiek, but luckily a computer was at
hand and Jasiek quickly wrote a program simulating the rope cutting. Can you
write such a program?

###  Task

Write a program which

  * reads (from standard input) description of the way the rope is cut, 
  * counts how many cuts have to be made in order to get the first shortest piece. 
  * writes out the outcome (to standard output) 

###  Input

Ten test cases (given one under another, you have to process all!). Each test
case consists of two lines. In the first line there is a number _n (1
<=n<=20000)_. In the second line one zero-one word (a sequence of zeros and
ones without spaces between them) of length _n_ \- the description of the
cutting procedure given by Dyzio.

###  Output

For every testcase your program should write (to the standard output) only one
line with one integer equal to the number of cuts which have to be made in
order to get the shortest piece.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    9
    110011000
    [and 9 test cases more]
    
    Output:
    4
    [and 9 test cases more]
    
    



#### **Solution**



