---
layout: post
title:  TOUR - Fake tournament
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: TOUR
src: TOUR.cpp
---

### **Statement**

We consider only special type of tournaments. Each tournament consists of a
series of matches. We have _n_ competitors at the beginning of a competition
and after each match the loser is moved out of the competition and the winner
stays in (there are no draws). The tournament ends when there is only one
participant left - the winner. It is a task of National Sports Federation to
schedule the matches. Members of this committee can pick the contestants for
the first match. Then, after they know the result, they say which of the
remaining contestants meet in the second match, and so on until there is only
one participant left.  
It is easy to see that not only skill and training decides about the win, but
also "luck" - i.e. the schedule. The members of NSF know it as well.  
The committee used the training time to look carefully on the performance of
each probable contestant. It is clear now, at the start of the season, that
some of the results between the competitors are 100% predictable. Having this
information NSF considers if it is possible to schedule the matches in such a
way that the given contestant x wins. That is to plan the matches for
x only with those who will lose with him (then he wins the whole
tournament of course). If it is possible then w say that the tournament can
be set for x.

### Task

Your task is to write a program which determines the number of contestants of
a given tournament for which it is possible to set it.

### Input

t [number of tests to solve].  
In the first line of each test: n (1 <=n<=1000) - the number of participants
of the tournament. We number the participants with numbers 1,2, ... ,n. The
following line contains a list of participants who will inevitably win with
participant 1. This list begins with a number _m_ (the number of contestants
"better" than 1) and numbers n<sub>1</sub>,n<sub>2</sub>, ... ,
n<sub>m</sub> delimited by single spaces.  
Next _n-1_ lines contain analogous lists for participants 2, 3, ..., n.  
Remark 1. The fact that participant a would lose with b and b
would lose with c doesn't necessarily mean that a would lose with
c in a direct match.  
Remark 2. It is not possible that a is on the list of contestants better
than b and b is on the list of a at the same time.

### Output

For each test your program should output a single integer - the number of
participants, for which it is possible to set the tournament.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    1
    3
    2 3 2
    1 3
    0
    Output:
    1
    



#### **Solution**



