---
layout: post
title:  OVGDEL - Good Elements
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: OVGDEL
src: OVGDEL.cpp
---

### **Statement**

You are given a sequence consisting of integers a<sub>1</sub>,
a<sub>2</sub>, a<sub>3</sub>, …, a<sub>n</sub>. Any element
a<sub>i</sub> is called good if there exists another element
a<sub>j</sub> in the sequence (i≠j) such that a<sub>j</sub> is a non-
negative power of a<sub>i</sub>. In other words a<sub>i</sub> is
called good if there exists an element  a<sub>j</sub> where i≠j and
a<sub>j</sub>=a<sub>i</sub><sup>k</sup> for some k>=0.

For example, consider the following sequence: [2, 4, 4, 6, 3, 8]. This
sequence contains 3 good elements. The 1st , 2nd and 3rd
elements are good.

1st element “2” is good because there exists “4” and “8” in the different
positions of the sequence which are non negative power of “2”
(2<sup>2</sup>=4, 2<sup>3</sup>=8). 2nd element “4” is good because
there exists another “4” in a different position of the sequence which is a
non-negative power of “4” (4<sup>1</sup>=4). Same applies for the 3rd
element.

  
Given the sequence, now you have to find out total number of good elements in
the sequence.

### Input

The first line contains an integer t denoting the number of test cases.

For every test case the first line contains the integer n the length of the
given sequence. The second line contains the sequence of integers a[1], a[2],
a[3], …, a[n].

### Constraints

1<=t<=10

1<=n<=10<sup>4</sup>

1<=a<sub>i</sub><=10<sup>6</sup>

### Output

For each test case print the case number followed by the result in a single
line according to the following format "Case X: R" (without quotes), where X
denotes the case number and R denotes the result. See the sample for further
clarification.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    
    
    
     3
    
    6
    
    2 4 4 6 3 8
    
    2
    
    1 2
    
    2
    
    10 100
    
    
    Output:
    
    
    
     Case 1: 3
    
    Case 2: 1
    
    Case 3: 1
    
    
    
    
      
    
    
    [ This Problem Orginally Contributed by Hafiz Al Masud Ovi ]



#### **Solution**



