---
layout: post
title:  MUSKET - Musketeers
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: MUSKET
src: MUSKET.cpp
---

### **Statement**

In the time of Louis XIII and his powerful minister cardinal Richelieu in the
Full Barrel Inn _n_ musketeers had consumed their meal and were drinking wine.
Wine had not run short and therefore the musketeers were eager to quarrel, a
drunken brawl broke out, in which each musketeer insulted all the others.

A duel was inevitable. But who should fight who and in what order? They
decided (for the first time since the brawl they had done something together)
that they would stay in a circle and draw lots in order. A drawn musketeer
fought against his neighbor to the right. A looser "quit the game" and to be
more precise his corpse was taken away by servants. The next musketeer who
stood beside the looser became the neighbor of a winner.

After years, when historians read memories of the winner they realized that a
final result depended in a crucial extent on the order of duels. They noticed
that a fence practice had indicated, who against who could win a duel. It
appeared that (in mathematical language) the relation " A wins B " was
not transitive! It could happen that the musketeer A fought better than
B , B better than C and C better than A. Of course, among
three of them the first duel influenced the final result. If A and B
fight as the first, C wins eventually. But if B and C fight as the
first, A wins finally. Historians fascinated by their discovery decided to
verify which musketeers could survive. The fate of France and the whole
civilized Europe indeed depended on that!

### Task

_N_ persons with consecutive numbers from _1_ to _n_ stay in a circle. They
fight _n-1_ duels. In the first round one of these persons (e.g. with the
number _i_ ) fights against its neighbor to the right, i.e. against the person
numbered _i+1_ (or, if _i=n_ , against the person numbered _1_ ). A looser
quits the game, and the circle is tighten so that the next person in order
becomes a winner's neighbor. We are given the table with possible duels
results, in the form of a matrix. If A _i,j_ = 1 then the person with the
number _i_ always wins with the person _j_. If A _i,j_ = 0 the person _i_
looses with _j_. We can say that the person _k_ may win the game if there
exists such a series of _n-1_ drawings, that _k_ wins the final duel.  
Write a program which:

  * reads matrix A from the standard input, 
  * computes numbers of persons, who may win the game, 
  * writes them into the standard output. 

### Input

The number of test cases t is in the first line of input, then t test cases
follow separated by an empty line. In the first line of each test case integer
_n_ which satisfies the inequality _3 <=n<=100_ is written. In each of the
following _n_ lines appears one word consisting of _n_ digits 0 or 1. A digit
on _j_ -th position in _i_ -th line denote A _i,j._ Of course A _i,j_
= 1 - A _j,i_ , for _i <>j_. We assume that A _i,i_ = 1, for each _i_.

### Output

For each test case in the first line there should be written _m_ \- the number
of persons, who may win the game. In the following _m_ lines numbers of these
persons should be written in ascending order, one number in each line.

### Example

    
    
    Sample input:
    1
    7
    1111101
    0101100
    0111111
    0001101
    0000101
    1101111
    0100001
    
    Sample output:
    3
    1
    3
    6
    

The order of duels: 1-2, 1-3, 5-6, 7-1, 4-6, 6-1 gives a final victory to the
person numbered 6. You can also check that only two persons more (1 and 3) may
win the game.



#### **Solution**



