---
layout: post
title:  ODWS - One day with string
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: ODWS
src: ODWS.py
---

### **Statement**

Rafa always interested in string problem and playing with string when feel
bored. One day he is trying to write all the string which is lexicographically
larger than string s and lexicographically smaller than string t and the
length of the strings are same as the length of s and t. The string s and t
consist of lowercase English letters of same length. After a few moment he got
tired and thinking to solve it with computer. As he is so tired he want you to
write a program to find how many string exist for the given constrains.

### Input

Input starts with the number of test cases T (T<=100). Each input contains  
two lines, the first line contains string s (1 ≤ |s| ≤ 100), consisting  
of lowercase English letters. Here, |s| denotes the length of the  
string.  
  
The second line contains string t (|t| = |s|), consisting of lowercase English
letters.  
  
It is guaranteed that the lengths of strings s and t are the same and string s
is lexicographically less than string t.

### Output

Print the case number and the result. Since the result may be large you should
print the result modulo 1,000,000,007. For better understand check the input
and output given below.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    3  
     a  
    d  
    abcdefg  
    abcdefh  
    xy  
    yz
    
    Output:
    Case 1: 2  
     Case 2: 0  
    Case 3: 26

### Problem Setter:

Md. Istiyak ahmed  
Daffodil International University, Dhaka



#### **Solution**



