---
layout: post
title:  FPOLICE - Fool the Police
categories: ['dynamic-programming']
code: FPOLICE
src: FPOLICE.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Dhamaka Singh (a crook) has just robbed a bank and would like to get out of
the country as soon as possible. But there is a slight problem, the police! On
his way out of the country he has to pass through some police stations. Each
police station has a certain risk (for Dhamaka Singh) associated with it. He
wants to get to the airport within a certain time T or else he'll miss his
flight. He also wants to take a path that minimizes the total risk associated
with it. Help Dhamaka Singh get out of the country.

### Input

The first line of the input contains an integer t , the number of test
cases. t test cases follow.

The first line of each test case contains 2 integers N (3  <= N <=
100) and T (1  <= T <= 250), denoting the number of police stations
and the total time he has to reach the airport, respectively.

Dhamaka Singh has to start from the first police station and reach the N
<sup>th</sup> one (the airport is just after the N <sup>th</sup>
police station). You can consider the time taken between the N
<sup>th</sup> police station and the airport to be negligible.

Next there are N lines with N numbers in each line, separated by
single spaces. All numbers are separated by a single space. The
j<sup>th</sup> integer in the i<sup>th</sup> line represents the time
taken to reach the j<sup>th</sup> police station from the
i<sup>th</sup> police station.

Next there are another N lines with N numbers in each line. All
numbers are separated by a single space. The j<sup>th</sup> integer in the
i<sup>th</sup> line represents the risk involved in travelling to the
j<sup>th</sup> police station from the i<sup>th</sup> police station.

### Output

For each test case output one line containing 2 integers separated by a single
space.

The first integer denotes the minimum total risk to reach the airport. The
second integer denotes the minimum time required to reach the airport at the
minimum total risk.

If it is impossible to reach the airport within time T (inclusive), just
print "-1" (quotes for clarity).

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    1
    4 10
    0 6 2 3
    6 0 2 3
    3 1 0 2
    3 3 2 0
    0 2 2 7
    2 0 1 2
    2 2 0 5
    7 2 5 0
    
    Output:
    4 9
    



#### **Solution**



