---
layout: post
title:  SVAREA11 - Save Area 11
categories: ['greedy']
code: SVAREA11
src: SVAREA11.cpp
---

### **Statement**

In the year 2010 of the Imperial Calendar, the Holy Britannian Empire invaded
Japan and overpowered the defending forces. Japan became a dominion of the
Empire. The country was stripped off her freedom, her rights and her name. The
defeated and once proud nation was given a mere number as a name - Area 11.

After many years, Lelouch vi Britannia, the leader of the Black Knights, is
making plans for some important battles against the Holy Britannian Empire
army in his quest to free Area 11. He is assigning soldiers of the Black
Knights to various strategically advantageous positions on the battlefields.

Lelouch assigns a soldier to a position from T<sub>1 </sub>second to
T<sub>2</sub> second. The soldier leaves to fight at the beginning of
T<sub>1 </sub>second and returns at the end of T<sub>2 </sub>second.
During this time, this soldier is unavailable for any other assignments. After
returning, he is available for future assignments. A complete plan includes
several of these assignments.

The Black Knights does not have unlimited number of soldiers. Lelouch has made
plans for several battles and now he is trying to distribute his soldiers to
carry out these plans. He takes a plan and allocates N soldiers for it.
Then he asks you to check if the plan can be carried out successfully with N
soldiers.

Help Lelouch make the plans. The fate of Area 11 depends on you!

### Input

Input begins with an integer P (1 ≤ P ≤ 105) , indicating the number
of plans. Then follows the P plans. Each plan begins with two integers N (0
≤ N ≤ 10<sup>9</sup>)  and A (0 ≤ A ≤ 10<sup>4</sup>) ,
 indicating the number of soldiers allocated for that plan and the number
of assignments that plan has respectively. The next A lines each contains two
integers S and E (1 ≤ S ≤ E ≤ 10<sup>4</sup>) , indicating the
starting and the ending time of an assignment.

### Output

For each plan, print a single line in the format Plan X: Y , where X is
the plan number and Y is either Yes or No , indicating whether the
plan can be completed successfully or not.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    
    
     2
    
    3 3
    
    1 3
    
    1 4
    
    1 2
    
    2 3
    
    1 3
    
    1 4
    
    1 2
    
    Output:
    
    
     Plan 1: Yes
    
    Plan 2: No

Note: Dataset is huge. Use faster I/O method.



#### **Solution**



