---
layout: post
title:  WTFM - Where The Friends Meet!
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: WTFM
src: WTFM.cpp
---

### **Statement**

As you might be knowing, Blackhood, Kira and BaZ are very good friends. They
are gonna meet after a long time (not that long though :p).They live in a
country consisting of N cities . Each city has a GDP (not necessary distinct).
The roads of the country are such that there is only one road connecting any
two cities in the country. Kira and Blackhood decide to meet anywhere in the
unique path between their cities (including their cities too). But BaZ is not
ready to meet anywhere, since he likes numbers having at least K distinct
prime factors, he agrees to meet only in those cities whose GDP is a number he
likes. Given Blackhood's and Kira's home cities, you need to find the number
of cities where they can meet. i.e. you need to tell the number of cities
between Blackhood's and Kira's home city which have their GDP a number BaZ
likes.

### Input

First line of the input contains three integers N, representing the number of
cities in the country, K (as explained above) and Q, the number of queries
which are to be answered). (1<=N,Q<=200000, 0<=K<=100). Next line contains N
integers, where the ith integer represents the GDP of the ith country
(1<=GDP[i]<=1000000). The next N-1 lines contain two integers u and v,
representing a road between city u and city v (1<=u,v<=N). Then the Q
following lines contain two integers u and v, representing Blackhood's and
Kira's home cities.  

### Output

For each query, ouptut an integer representing the number of cities where the
three can meet.

Note:-Large input data, use FAST I/O. Be careful with certain languages
too.  

###  Example

    
    
    Input:
     5 2 5   
    10 1 6 9 14   
    1 2   
    2 4   
    1 3   
    3 5   
    1 2   
    4 5   
    2 3   
    2 5   
    3 5 
    
    Output:
     1  
    3  
    2  
    3  
    2   
    



#### **Solution**



