---
layout: post
title:  MROADS - Roads Repair
categories: ['binary-search']
code: MROADS
src: MROADS.cpp
---

### **Statement**

[English](/problems/MROADS/en/) | [Vietnamese](/problems/MROADS/vn/)  
---|---  
  
The traffic network in a country consists of N cities (labeled with integers 1
to N) and N-1 roads connecting the cities. There is a unique path between each
pair of different cities.

  
Because of the many years of lazy maintenance the roads are pretty damaged and
for each road two numbers A and B are known – the integer A represents the
current time (in seconds) needed to travel along the road, and the integer B
represents the smallest possible time (in seconds) needed to travel along this
road if we repair all the damage.

  
We want to invest a certain amount of money into road repair. For a particular
road, the result will be proportional to the amount of invested money. For
each euro invested in some road, the time needed to travel along that road
will be reduced by one second (the amount of money invested in some road has
to be an integer). The travel time cannot be reduced beyond the smallest
possible time B described above.

  
We are given a certain amount of money. We want to distribute this money along
different roads in such a way that the time needed to travel from the city 1
to the most distant city (after all the repairs) is as small as possible.

  
Write a program that will find this smallest time.

### Input

The first line of input contains two integers N and K, 2 ≤ N ≤ 100 000, 0 ≤ K
≤ 1 000 000, the number of cities and the total amount of money (in euros).

  
Each of the next N-1 lines contains four integers X, Y, A and B, 0 ≤ B ≤ A ≤
10 000. It means that there is a road between cities X and Y, with the numbers
A and B representing the current time and the minimum time as described above.

### Output

The first and only line of output should contain a single integer – the
minimum time from the task description.

### Sample

    
    
    input   
       
    3 200   
    1 2 200 100   
    2 3 450 250   
       
    output   
       
    450  
      
    input   
       
    5 11   
    1 2 10 5   
    1 3 3 2   
    1 4 9 6   
    3 5 7 3   
       
    output   
       
    6  
      
    input   
       
    11 12   
    1 2 7 5   
    1 3 20 15   
    2 4 10 8   
    2 5 5 3   
    2 6 6 2   
    4 7 3 0   
    4 8 7 2   
    5 9 8 4   
    5 10 9 8   
    5 11 6 5   
       
    output   
       
    17



#### **Solution**



