---
layout: post
title:  DOUBLE - Doubled Numbers
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: DOUBLE
src: DOUBLE.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Some numbers have a curious property: when rotating the number to the right,
the new number is the double of the original. Rotating the number to the right
means choosing the last digit and moving it to the beginning of the number, as
the leftmost digit. For example, the number 421052631578947368 when rotated to
the right gives 842105263157894736, which is the double of the original. These
numbers are expressed in the decimal system. In any numeral system such
numbers exist, for example, in the binary (base 2) numeral system, numbers 01
and 0101 have this property. Note that leading zeros are required in this
case.

Write a program that, for any given base B (2 <= B <= 250), finds the smallest
number in that numeral system which has this property. Try not to precompute
the numbers, the solution is very easy and pretty.

### Input

The input consists of several test cases. The first line contains an integer T
(T <= 20), the number of test cases. The following T lines contain one number
B, each.

### Output

For each number B, output one or more numbers separated by a blank space that
represent the digits in base B (written as decimal numbers) of the smallest
number which has this property.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    3
    2
    10
    35
    Output:
    0 1
    0 5 2 6 3 1 5 7 8 9 4 7 3 6 8 4 2 1
    11 23
    

### Output explanation

    
    
    In  example #1
    The initial number (when converted to decimal system):
    0 * 2^1 + 1 * 2^0 = 1 
    After applying the rotation:
    1 * 2^1 + 0 * 2^0  = 2.
    
    In example #3
    The initial number (when converted to decimal system):
    11 * 35^1 + 23 * 35^0  =  408
    After applying the rotation:
    23 * 35^1 + 11 * 35^0  = 816.
    



#### **Solution**



