---
layout: post
title:  MINSTOCK - Minimum Stocks
categories: ['priority-queue', 'map']
code: MINSTOCK
src: MINSTOCK.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Himanshu wants to invest into stock market and his friend Navneet helps him by
providing him instruction for next _N_ days.

Navneet gives Himanshu 3 types of instruction,

1 _X_ _Y_ There is a stock X available at price Y. Here X is a string and
Y is an integer.

2 _X_ _Z_  The price of stock X has changed to Z. Here X is a string and Z
is an integer.

3 BUY Buy the stock which has the lowest price.

You as a programmer, is given all the instructions of _N_  days. Can you
tell, which stock did Himanshu buy on which day. Print the output in
same order as himanshu bought the stock. See sample Input and Output for
Clarification.

At any point of time , there is atmost one stock of _X_. However, _X_
can be made available to market again through another instruction of type 1.

All instructions are valid. i.e There is always some stock to buy having
the minimum price of all. Also if the price of _X_ has changed, then _X_ is
already known and hasn't been bought yet.

### INPUT

First line contains _N_. (1 ≤ _N_ ≤ 10<sup>6</sup>)

Next _N_ lines, each of them contains an instruction of any of 3 types. (Look
at instruction format above)

In any instruction, (X is a string of length upto 10 characters. All
characters are from english alphabets, both small and capital ) , and (0 ≤ _Y_
≤ 10<sup>9)</sup> and (0 ≤ _Z_ ≤ 10<sup>9)</sup> .

### OUTPUT

For each instruction of type 3, output two values _X_ and _Y_. Where _X_ is
the name of Stock having minimum price and _Y_ is the day on which it was
bought.

### Example

    
    
    Input :
    
    
     7
    
    1 ABC 32
    
    1 XDC 54
    
    3 BUY
    
    1 XCD 32
    
    1 ABC 12
    
    2 XDC 10
    
    3 BUY
    
     
    
    
    Output :
    
    
     ABC 3
    
    XDC 7
    
     

#### Explanation

On day 3, there is instruction to buy. There are two stocks available "XDC"
and "ABC", since price of "ABC" is less, he buys it. After this "ABC" is not
available in market anymore.

On day 7, there is instruction to buy. Of all stocks available, "XDC" has the
least price and hence he buys "XDC".



#### **Solution**



