---
layout: post
title:  FTHEELF - Feanor The Elf
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: FTHEELF
src: FTHEELF.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Feanor is an elf, and of course, he really likes arrows and bows. Surprisingly
enough, Feanor  
has a laptop, but he knows nothing about programming, so he requires your
help.  
Feanor lives in a tower of height H, and he loves throwing arrows from the top
of it. He had a  
good amount of intesive training and he knows that he always throws his arrows
with the same  
initial speed V . He wants you to make a program that given H and V returns
the maximum  
distance that a Feanor’s arrow can reach when it hits the ground, measured
from the base  
of the tower. With this information, he will be able to place a nice circular
fence to prevent  
deoriented little elves from being killed.  
Newtonian laws apply in Feanor’s world and the gravity has the same strength
as in ours. These  
laws can be summarized as follows:  
• The position of Feanor is assumed to be a point. The same occurs with the
position of  
his arrow at each moment in time.  
• The initial speed V of the arrow can be expressed as Vx<sup>2</sup> +
Vy<sup>2</sup> = V<sup>2</sup> , where Vx and Vy  
are the horizontal and vertical components of V , respectively. Speed Vx is
always non-  
negative, while speed Vy is positive if the arrow is thrown up, and negative
if the arrow  
is thrown down.  
• The initial position of the arrow is the position of Feanor.  
• The horizontal position of the arrow (relative to Feanor’s position) at time
t is x(t) = Vx * t.  
• The vertical position of the arrow (relative to Feanor’s position) at time t
is y(t) = Vy * t − gt<sup>2</sup> / 2, where g = 9.8 m/s2 .

### Input

The input contains several test cases. Each test case is described in a single
line that contains  
two integers V and H separated by a single space. The value V is the initial
speed of Feanor’s  
arrow measured in m/s (0 ≤ V ≤ 1000), while the value H is the tower’s height
in meters  
(0 ≤ H ≤ 1000). The last line of the input contains the number −1 twice
separated by a single  
space and should not be processed as a test case.

### Output

For each test case output a single line with the radius of Feanor’s fence in
meters, rounded up  
to 6 decimal digits (he wants to be sure that he doesn’t kill those cute
little elves).

### Example

    
    
    Input:  
     1 0  
    10 0  
    100 0  
    1000 0  
    -1 -1  
      
     Output:  
      
     0.102041  
    10.204082  
    1020.408163  
    102040.816327



#### **Solution**



