---
layout: post
title:  BRIDGE - Building Bridges
categories: ['tree', 'binary-search']
code: BRIDGE
src: BRIDGE.cpp
---

### **Statement**

The tribe soon discovers that just communication is not enough and wants to
meet each other to form a joint force against the terminator. But there is a
deep canyon that needs to crossed. Points have been identified on both sides
on which bridge ends can be made. But before the construction could be
started, a witch Chudael predicted that a bridge can only be built between
corresponding end points, i.e. a bridge starting from the i<sup>th</sup>
end point on one side can only end on the i<sup>th</sup> end point on the
other side, where the position of end points is seen in the order in which the
points were identified. If not, it would lead to the end of the tribe. The
tribe just wants to make as many non-cutting bridges as possible, with the
constraint in mind. Bridges "cut" if and only if they have exactly one common
point that is not an end point.

### Input

The first line of the input contains test cases t (1<=t<=50). It is followed
by 3*t lines, 3 for each test case. The first line of input for each test case
contains the number of end points identified on each side, n
(1<=n<=10<sup>3</sup>). The second line contains x-coordinates of end
points identified on the first side and similiarly the third line contains the
x-coordinates of corresponding end points identified on the other side. The
end points are inputted in the order in which they were identified. The
x-coordinates can range between -10<sup>3</sup> to 10<sup>3</sup>.

### Output

You are required to output a single line for each test case. The line contains
a single integer – the maximum number of bridges possible with the constraints
explained above.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    
    
    3
    
     4
    
    2 5 8 10
    
    6 4 1 2
    
    3
    
    5 3 10
    
    6 4 1
    
    6
    
    1 2 3 4 5 6
    
    3 4 5 6 1 2  
      
     Output:  
    
    
     2
    
    2
    
    4
    
     
    
    Expalanation: For the first test case, two non-overlapping bridges can be formed between the 3rd and 4th end points on each side.



#### **Solution**



