---
layout: post
title:  ABSP1 - abs(a-b) I
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: ABSP1
src: ABSP1.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Recently Mr. Kopa Samsu is learning programming. On a very renowned online
judge, he found a problem:

You are given an array of N numbers in non-decreasing order. You have to
answer the summation of the absolute difference of all distinct pairs in the
given array.

Do you know what distinct pair means? Suppose you have an array of 3 elements:
3 5 6

Then all the distinct pairs are:

3 5  
3 6  
5 6

For this problem, Mr. Kopa Samsu implemented an algorithm to find the
summation of the absolute difference of all distinct pairs. His algorithm was:

    
    
    int ABS(int a[], int n)
    {
        int sum = 0;
        for (int i = 1; i <= n ;i++)
        {
            for (int j = i + 1; j <= n; j++)
            {
                sum += abs(a[i] - a[j]);
            }
        }
    }

After a great hard work, he finished the code. But alas!!! Frustration came
around him when he submitted his code, the judge gave the verdict “TLE” (Time
Limit Exit). “How can I get rid of TLE?” he thought a lot but couldn't find
any way. Then suddenly, he remembered about you that you (his friend) is very
good at programming. So, he came to you seeking your help. Can you help him
solving this problem?

### Input

The input data set starts with an integer T (T <= 1000), the number of test
cases. Then every test case starts with a integer N (N <= 10000), the number
of elements in the array. After that, the next line contains N integers A[i],
where 1 <= i <= N and 1 <= A[i] <= 1000000000 & A[i] <= A[i+1].

### Output

Every test case should output an integer “X”, where X is the summation of the
absolute difference of all the distinct pair.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    3
    3
    1 2 3
    3
    1 4 5
    3
    2 4 6
    
    Output:
    4
    8
    8
    
    
    Problem Set: S.M. Shaheen Sha, Raihat Zaman Neloy
    Data Set & Solution: Raihat Zamane Neloy



#### **Solution**



