---
layout: post
title:  COWCAR - Cow Cars
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: COWCAR
src: COWCAR.cpp
---

### **Statement**

N (1 ≤ N ≤ 50,000) cows conveniently numbered 1, ..., N are driving in
separate cars along a highway in Cowtopia. Cow i can drive in any of M
different high lanes (1 ≤ M ≤ N) and can travel at a maximum speed of
S<sub>i</sub> (1 ≤ S<sub>i</sub> ≤ 1,000,000) km/hour.

After their other bad driving experience, the cows hate collisions and take
extraordinary measures to avoid them. On this highway, cow i reduces its speed
by D (0 ≤ D ≤ 5,000) km/hour for each cow in front of it on the highway
(though never below 0 km/hour). Thus, if there are K cows in front of cow i,
the cow will travel at a speed of max(S<sub>i</sub> - D*K, 0). While a cow
might actually travel faster than a cow directly in front of it, the cows are
spaced far enough apart so crashes will not occur once cows slow down as
described.

Cowtopia has a minimum speed law which requires everyone on the highway to
travel at a a minimum speed of L (1 ≤ L ≤ 1,000,000) km/hour, so sometimes
some of the cows will be unable to take the highway if they follow the rules
above. Write a program that will find the maximum number of cows that can
drive on the highway while obeying the minimum speed limit law.

### Input

The first line contains the four integers N, M, D, and L. For the next N
lines, line i+1 contains the integer S<sub>i</sub>.

### Output

Print a single integer denoting the maximum number of cows that can take the
highway.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    3 1 1 5
    5
    7
    5
    
    Output:
    2
    

We can obtain two cows by putting either cow with speed 5 first and the cow
with speed 7 second.



#### **Solution**



