---
layout: post
title:  SAMER08D - DNA Sequences
categories: ['dynamic-programming']
code: SAMER08D
src: SAMER08D.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Thomas, a computer scientist that works with DNA sequences, needs to compute
longest common subsequences of given pairs of strings. Consider an alphabet Σ
of letters and a word _w_ = _a_ <sub>1</sub> _a_ <sub>2</sub> … _a_
<sub> _r_ </sub>, where _a_ <sub> _i_ </sub> ∈ Σ, for _i_ = 1, 2, …,
_r_. A _subsequence_ of _w_ is a word _x_ = _a_ <sub> _i_
<sub>1</sub></sub> _a_ <sub> _i_ <sub>2</sub></sub> … _a_
<sub> _i_ <sub> _s_ </sub></sub> such that 1 ≤ _i_ <sub>1</sub> <
_i_ <sub>2</sub> < … < _i_ <sub> _s_ </sub> ≤ _r_. Subsequence _x_ is
a _segment_ of _w_ if _i_ <sub> _j_ +1</sub>= _i_ <sub> _j_ </sub> +
1, for _j_ = 1,2, …, _s_ -1. For example the word ` ove` is a segment of the
word `lovely`, whereas the word `loly` is a subsequence of `lovely`, but not a
segment.

A word is a _common subsequence_ of two words _w_ <sub>1</sub> and _w_
<sub>2</sub> if it is a subsequence of each of the two words. A _longest
common subsequence_ of _w_ <sub>1</sub> and _w_ <sub>2</sub> is a
common subsequence of _w_ <sub>1</sub> and _w_ <sub>2</sub> having the
largest possible length. For example, consider the words _w_
<sub>1</sub>=`lovxxelyxxxxx` and _w_ <sub>2</sub>=`xxxxxxxlovely`. The
words _w_ <sub>3</sub>=`lovely` and _w_ <sub>4</sub>=`xxxxxxx`, the
latter of length 7, are both common subsequences of _w_ <sub>1</sub> and
_w_ <sub>2</sub>. In fact, _w_ <sub>4</sub> is their longest common
subsequence. Notice that the empty word, of length zero, is always a common
subsequence, although not necessarily the longest.

In the case of Thomas, there is an extra requirement: the subsequence must be
formed from common segments having length _K_ or more. For example, if Thomas
decides that _K_ =3, then he considers `lovely` to be an acceptable common
subsequence of `lovxxelyxxxxx` and `xxxxxxxlovely`, whereas `xxxxxxx`, which
has length 7 and is also a common subsequence, is not acceptable. Can you help
Thomas?

### Input

The input contains several test cases. The first line of a test case contains
an integer _K_ representing the minimum length of common segments, where 1 ≤
_K_ ≤ 100. The next two lines contain each a string on lowercase letters from
the regular alphabet of 26 letters. The length _l_ of each string satisfies
the inequality 1 ≤ _l_ ≤ 10<sup>3</sup>. There are no spaces on any line
in the input. The end of the input is indicated by a line containing a zero.

### Output

For each test case in the input, your program must print a single line,
containing the length of the longest subsequence formed by consecutive
segments of length at least _K_ from both strings. If no such common
subsequence of length greater than zero exists, then ` 0` must be printed.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    3
    lovxxelyxxxxx
    xxxxxxxlovely
    1
    lovxxelyxxxxx
    xxxxxxxlovely
    3
    lovxxxelxyxxxx
    xxxlovelyxxxxxxx
    4
    lovxxxelyxxx
    xxxxxxlovely
    0
    
    
    Output:
    6
    7
    10
    0
    
    



#### **Solution**



