---
layout: post
title:  CRYPTON - The Embarrassed Cryptographer
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: CRYPTON
src: CRYPTON.cpp
---

### **Statement**

The young and very promising cryptogra-

pher Odd Even has implemented the security

module of a large system with thousands of

users, which is now in use in his company.

The cryptographic keys are created from the

product of two primes, and are believed to be

secure because there is no known method for

factoring such a product effectively.

The young and very promising cryptographer Odd Even has implemented the
security module of a large system with thousands of users, which is now in use
in his company. The cryptographic keys are created from the product of two
primes, and are believed to be secure because there is no known method for
factoring such a product effectively.

What Odd Even did not think of, was that both factors in a key should be
large, not just their product. It is now possible that some of the users of
the system have weak keys. In a desperate attempt not to be fired, Odd Even
secretly goes through all the users keys, to check if they are strong enough.
He uses his very poweful Atari, and is especially careful when checking his
boss’ key.

### Input

The input consists of no more than 20 test cases. Each test case is a line
with the integers 4 ≤ K ≤ 10^100 and 2 ≤ L ≤ 10^6 . K is the key itself, a
product of two primes. L is the wanted minimum size of the factors in the key.
The input set is terminated by a case where K = 0 and L = 0.

### Output

For each number K, if one of its factors are strictly less than the required
L, your program should output “BAD p”, where p is the smallest factor in K.
Otherwise, it should output “GOOD”. Cases should be separated by a line-break.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    143 10
    143 20
    667 20
    667 30
    2573 30
    2573 40
    0 0
    
    Output:
    GOOD
    BAD 11
    GOOD
    BAD 23
    GOOD
    BAD 31
    



#### **Solution**



