---
layout: post
title:  CAPRICA - Caprica Cities
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: CAPRICA
src: CAPRICA.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Caprica is one of the 12 colonial planets, but it was completely destroyed by
the cylons, robots made  
by humans that had rebelled. Before the attack, Doctor Gaius Baltar had the
following problem.  
Caprica has N cities, numbered from 0 to N − 1, and M bidirectional roads
connecting them, in  
a way that exists a path between every pair of cities. Let X and Y be two
disjoint and non-empty  
subsets of this N cities. The problem is to find the smallest path length
between any cities x and y  
where x ∈ X and y ∈ Y . A path length is the sum of the distance of each road
in this path.

### Input

Each test case is described using several lines. The first line contains four
integers N , M , A and B  
representing respectively the number of cities (2 ≤ N ≤ 1000), the number of
roads (1 ≤ M ≤ 10<sup>4</sup> ),  
the number of cities in X (2 ≤ A ≤ 1000), and the number of cities in Y (2 ≤ B
≤ 1000), where  
A + B ≤ N.  
The second line contains A integers and the third line contains B integers,
representing the cities  
in X and Y respectively. Each of the next M lines describes a road using three
integers, u, v, and d,  
indicating that there is a road between the cities u and v with distance d (1
≤ d ≤ 10<sup>4</sup> ).  
The last test case is followed by a line containing four zeros.

### Output

For each test case output, in a single line, the integer representing the
smallest path length between  
x and y where x ∈ X and y ∈ Y .

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    4 4 2 2  
     0 1  
    2 3  
    0 1 10  
    0 2 20  
    1 3 10  
    2 3 10  
    0 0 0 0  
      
     Output:
    10
    



#### **Solution**



