---
layout: post
title:  WPUZZLES - Word Puzzles
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: WPUZZLES
src: WPUZZLES.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Word puzzles are usually simple and very entertaining for all ages. They are
so entertaining that Pizza-Hut company started using table covers with word
puzzles printed on them, possibly with the intent to minimise their client's
perception of any possible delay in bringing them their order.

Even though word puzzles may be entertaining to solve by hand, they may become
boring when they get very large. Computers do not yet get bored in solving
tasks, therefore we thought you could devise a program to speedup (hopefully!)
solution finding in such puzzles.

The following figure illustrates the PizzaHut puzzle. The names of the pizzas
to be found in the puzzle are: MARGARITA, ALEMA, BARBECUE, TROPICAL, SUPREMA,
LOUISIANA, CHEESEHAM, EUROPA, HAVAIANA, CAMPONESA.

| 0 | 1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 | 8 | 9 | 10 | 11 | 12 | 13 | 14 | 15 | 16 |
17 | 18 | 19  
---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|---  
0 | Q | W | S | P | I | L | A | A | T | I | R | A | G | R | A | M | Y | K | E
| I  
1 | A | G | T | R | C | L | Q | A | X | L | P | O | I | J | L | F | V | B | U
| Q  
2 | T | Q | T | K | A | Z | X | V | M | R | W | A | L | E | M | A | P | K | C
| W  
3 | L | I | E | A | C | N | K | A | Z | X | K | P | O | T | P | I | Z | C | E
| O  
4 | F | G | K | L | S | T | C | B | T | R | O | P | I | C | A | L | B | L | B
| C  
5 | J | E | W | H | J | E | E | W | S | M | L | P | O | E | K | O | R | O | R
| A  
6 | L | U | P | Q | W | R | N | J | O | A | A | G | J | K | M | U | S | J | A
| E  
7 | K | R | Q | E | I | O | L | O | A | O | Q | P | R | T | V | I | L | C | B
| Z  
8 | Q | O | P | U | C | A | J | S | P | P | O | U | T | M | T | S | L | P | S
| F  
9 | L | P | O | U | Y | T | R | F | G | M | M | L | K | I | U | I | S | X | S
| W  
10 | W | A | H | C | P | O | I | Y | T | G | A | K | L | M | N | A | H | B | V
| A  
11 | E | I | A | K | H | P | L | B | G | S | M | C | L | O | G | N | G | J | M
| L  
12 | L | D | T | I | K | E | N | V | C | S | W | Q | A | Z | U | A | O | E | A
| L  
13 | H | O | P | L | P | G | E | J | K | M | N | U | T | I | I | O | R | M | N
| C  
14 | L | O | I | U | F | T | G | S | Q | A | C | A | X | M | O | P | B | E | I
| O  
15 | Q | O | A | S | D | H | O | P | E | P | N | B | U | Y | U | Y | O | B | X
| B  
16 | I | O | N | I | A | E | L | O | J | H | S | W | A | S | M | O | U | T | R
| K  
17 | H | P | O | I | Y | T | J | P | L | N | A | Q | W | D | R | I | B | I | T
| G  
18 | L | P | O | I | N | U | Y | M | R | T | E | M | P | T | M | L | M | N | B
| O  
19 | P | A | F | C | O | P | L | H | A | V | A | I | A | N | A | L | B | P | F
| S  
  
### Problem

Your task is to produce a program that given the word puzzle and words to be
found in the puzzle, determines, for each word, the position of the first
letter and its orientation in the puzzle.

You can assume that the left upper corner of the puzzle is the origin, (0,0).
Furthemore, the orientation of the word is marked clockwise starting with
letter `A` for north (note: there are 8 possible directions in total).

### Input

The first line of the input contains a number T ≤ 10 which indicates the
number of test cases to follow. Each test case starts with a line consisting
of three positive numbers: The number of lines of the word puzzle, 0 < L ≤
1000, the number of columns, 0 < C ≤ 1000, and the number of words to be
found, 0 < W ≤ 1000. The following L input lines, each consisting of C
uppercase letters, contain the word puzzle. Then at last the W words are input
one per line. You can assume that each word can be found exactly once in the
word puzzle.

### Output

For each test case your program should output W lines: For each word (using
the same order as the words were input) print a triplet defining the
coordinates, line and column, where the first letter of the word appears,
followed by a letter indicating the orientation of the word according to the
rules defined above. Each value in the triplet must be separated by one space
only.  
Print one blank line between test cases.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    
    1
    20 20 10
    QWSPILAATIRAGRAMYKEI
    AGTRCLQAXLPOIJLFVBUQ
    TQTKAZXVMRWALEMAPKCW
    LIEACNKAZXKPOTPIZCEO
    FGKLSTCBTROPICALBLBC
    JEWHJEEWSMLPOEKORORA
    LUPQWRNJOAAGJKMUSJAE
    KRQEIOLOAOQPRTVILCBZ
    QOPUCAJSPPOUTMTSLPSF
    LPOUYTRFGMMLKIUISXSW
    WAHCPOIYTGAKLMNAHBVA
    EIAKHPLBGSMCLOGNGJML
    LDTIKENVCSWQAZUAOEAL
    HOPLPGEJKMNUTIIORMNC
    LOIUFTGSQACAXMOPBEIO
    QOASDHOPEPNBUYUYOBXB
    IONIAELOJHSWASMOUTRK
    HPOIYTJPLNAQWDRIBITG
    LPOINUYMRTEMPTMLMNBO
    PAFCOPLHAVAIANALBPFS
    MARGARITA
    ALEMA
    BARBECUE
    TROPICAL
    SUPREMA
    LOUISIANA
    CHEESEHAM
    EUROPA
    HAVAIANA
    CAMPONESA
    
    Output:
    
    0 15 G
    2 11 C
    7 18 A
    4 8 C
    16 13 B
    4 15 E
    10 3 D
    5 1 E
    19 7 C
    11 11 H
    



#### **Solution**



