---
layout: post
title:  KRUSKAL - Kruskal
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: KRUSKAL
src: KRUSKAL.cpp
---

### **Statement**

A three-headed monkey was on his (theirs?) peaceful way from his dorm to the
university. He decided to use the subway. But as soon as he descended into the
station, he was stopped by a strange geek with a flashlight, saying strange
words...

_"I am a servant of the Secret Group Order, wielder of the flame of Primes.
Your limited knowledge of partial derivatives will not avail you, flame of
Riemann! You shall not pass! You can't beat Kruskal in his game!"_

The three-headed monkey shook his head. The left one. But there was no way
out. If he wanted to get to the university in time, he had to play.

(Many others in his situation would use the distract-and-run tactics to get
past the evil Kruskal into the subway. However, this was not possible in this
case : nobody will turn around upon hearing _"Hey! Look behind you! A three-
headed monkey!"_ when he already sees the monkey in front of him...)

So, what was the game about? It is a two-player game. At the beginning there
are N (not necessarily equal) heaps of matches. On each turn, a player may
only remove matches from one heap only, and he has to remove between 1 and
K matches, inclusive. A player wins if after his move the size of some
heap is a prime number. The three-headed monkey moves first.

### Problem specification

You will be given several starting positions. For each of them, determine
whether the three-headed monkey can win this game. You may assume that Kruskal
(the monkey's opponent) plays optimally.

### Input specification

The first line of the input file contains an integer T specifying the
number of test cases.

Each test case looks as follows: on the first line there are the two integers
N (1<= N <=200) and K (1<= K <=100), separated by a single
space. N lines follow, one for each heap of matches. The i -th of
these lines contains a single integer a<sub>i</sub> (3<=
a<sub>i</sub> < 2<sup>32</sup>) giving the number of matches on
the i -th heap.

### Output specification

For each test case output one line. If the monkey can win the game, output the
string "YES", otherwise output the string "NO".

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    2
    
    3 3
    48
    15
    4
    
    2 3
    51
    51
    
    Output:
    YES
    NO
    

Note: a somewhat
hard[test](http://www.spoj.com/content/john_jones:kruskal.txt) has been
removed.



#### **Solution**



