---
layout: post
title:  GONDOR - GONDOR
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: GONDOR
src: GONDOR.cpp
---

### **Statement**

[English](/problems/GONDOR/en/) | [Vietnamese](/problems/GONDOR/vn/)  
---|---  
  
The legendary land of Gondor had a network of sparks to quickly alert the
entire land of an emergency.

Every spark is manned by an archer with several arrows and instruction in
which order to light the other sparks.

More precisely,when his own spark is lit,the archer next to it lights his
arrows and shoots one at every other spark that has not yet been lit, in the
order in which his instructions say. The archer does so until he is out of
arrows (or sparks to shoot at).The archers are very precise so every arrow
hits its target. The time or an arrow to travel some distance is equal to that
distance,while the time or an archer to shoot all his arrows is negligible.
Sauron's army is approaching Gondor so the spark at Minas Tirith has been lit.
Write a program that, given the layout o sparks in the coordinate plane, the
number of arrows and instructions or every archer,calculates the time indices
at which each of the sparks will be lit.

### Input

The first line contains an integer N (1 ≤N ≤100),the number o sparks.The
sparks are numbered from 1 to N. The spark in Minas Tirith, which has been lit
at time 0, is spark number 1.

Each of the following N lines describes one spark. The description of one
spark is composed of :

The integers X and Y (1 ≤X,Y ≤1000),the coordinates of the spark;

An integer S (1 ≤S ≤100),the number of arrows;

N-1 distinct integers between 1 and N, the instructions or the archer. The
instructions are the order in which, once his spark is lit, the archer will
consider shooting arrows at other sparks.

No number will appear more than once in the list, nor will an archer be
instructed to shoot an arrow at his own spark.

The input will be such that no two sparks will be lit at the same time.

### Output

Output N decimal numbers,each on a single line,the times at which the sparks
light up,in order from spark 1 to N. Your output must be accurate to ±0.01.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    4
    1 1 1 2 3 4
    1 2 1 4 1 3
    2 1 1 2 1 4
    2 2 1 3 2 1
    
    
    Output:
    0.000000
    1.000000
    3.000000
    2.000000
    
    
    
    
    Input:
    5
    4 3 2 5 2 4 3
    4 5 1 4 1 5 3
    4 4 1 1 4 5 2
    2 4 1 5 2 3 1
    3 4 2 2 4 3 1
    
    
    Output:
    0.000000
    2.000000
    4.414214
    2.414214
    1.414214
    
    



#### **Solution**



