---
layout: post
title:  IMMERSED - Fantastic Discovery
categories: ['uncategorized']
code: IMMERSED
src: IMMERSED.cpp
---

### **Statement**

A fantastic discovery is about to happen in the biology field, and you are
part of the team making the research. The research is about measuring the
cells growth in an environment oxygenless and in presence of a toxic
substance. The team came to a courious hypothesis, the analyzed data tells
them that: the growth, the number of days and the toxicity; are related by
this formula:

P = N*N<sup>cN</sup> <sub>; </sub>

where P is the growth measured in thousands of cells.

N is the elapsed number of days.

and c is the constant that relates to the toxicity level of the
experiment.

Your biology partners need to takeout some tissues from the cells when these
cells reach a specific growth. They require you to write a program that tells
them the exact time when this will happen, given a toxicity level and the
growth required.

### Input

The first line is T (1 ≤ T ≤ 40,000), the number of test cases, then
T test cases follow.

Each test case is a line with 2 integers( P c ) separated by a space.

P (1 ≤ P ≤ 10<sup>15</sup>)

c (1 ≤ c ≤ 5)

### Output

For each test case you have to output the expected time in decimal format.

### Example

    
    
    Input:  
     3  
    1 1  
    3 4  
    100 1  
     Output:  
     1.000000  
    1.207384  
    3.086308  
      
     Note 1: your output must contain at least 6 decimal places.  
     Note 2: numerical problem. Output generated by submitted program   
              should be exactly the same as test case with accuracy of 0.000001.  
    



#### **Solution**



