---
layout: post
title:  TBATTLE - Thor vs Frost Giants
categories: ['number-theory', 'sliding-window-1']
code: TBATTLE
src: TBATTLE.cpp
---

### **Statement**

Thor is caught up in a fierce battle with Loki's army. This army consists of
frost giants that have magical powers with them. Their strength levels gets
multiplied when they are together. Giants are not highly skilled in the arts
of combat, but their sheer size and strength make them formidable opponents
even for the Asgardian gods. Thor is no exception. They recover very fast from
physical injury but their recovery slows down when they are exposed to extreme
heat.  
Thor's hammer can generate heat only in multiples of heat quantum N. Frost
giants get killed only when their combined strength level is exactly equal to
the heat level of the hammer. Thor is interested in killing a continuous
stretch of frost enemies with a throw of his hammer with a preference to kill
closer enemies first.  
Continuous stretch is defined as a set of consecutive elements.  
Help Thor to determine the minimum stretch of frost giants that could be
killed in a throw. In case of multiple minimal stretches, output the indices
of that stretch that has lowest starting index. If there is no such continuous
stretch possible then print -1.

### Input

The first line will contain N , the number of Frost Giants in Loki's army
and the Heat quantum.  
The second line will contain N integers (a_0, a_2....., a_n-1) \- the
strength of each frost giant.  
Minimum stretch of the army should be 1.

  *1 ≤ N ≤ 100000
  *1 ≤ a_i ≤ 100000

### Output

Output the range of the minimum stretch of frost giants that could be killed
in a throw. In case of multiple minimal stretches, output the indices of that
stretch that has lowest starting index.  
If there is no such continuous stretch possible then print -1.

### Example

    
    
    Input:
    3
    1 2 9
    Output:   
     2 2   
      
    Input:   
     5   
    2 3 4 8 9
    Output:  
     -1   
      
    Input:
    10
    2 4 3 5 17 4 7 5 2 15  
     Output:  
     7 8  
      
    
    

### Explanation

Input #1:  
Thor can only kill the stretch [2,2] as this is the minimum length range with
strength, multiple of 3.

Input #2:  
There is no stretch of frost giants that have combined strength as a multiple
of 5.

Input #3:  
There are many stretches of frost giants that have strength as multiple of 10.
But the minimal stretch with the least indices is from [7,8]. Minimum size
stretches are [7, 8] and [8, 9]. Out of them we select [7,8].



#### **Solution**



